Well well well... it looks like twitter is finally about to start getting cool once again...
figured out a knot so tight that even the manager at footlocker cant undo it. good luck getting me to wear my old shoes out of the store now
My sexy neighbor won't stop tending her garden whilst wearing clown shoes, trying to give my young son a big foot fetish and I dont like it.
I just have one question: who do I follow to get the good tweets, and what are their names.
Ive got a message for all the haters out there: are any of you hating me? If so what do I have to do to get you to stop. i'll do anything.
Just got a new bread brush for the kitchen. Oh whats that? you dont brush your bread off before eating? haha remind me never to come over.
funny that dentists try to convince us that we need to buy special little brushes just for our teeth. Its like hello.. ever heard of brooms?
Take a 'Bite' out of stress with this one hot tip: Never stress out about something that you can eat in less than ten bites.
The hardest part of getting a toupee after all these years of being bald is convincing the boys at the office that its actually my real hair
Look pal, you dont have to tell ME that Im four hours late. I could have told you that shit four hours ago, when I first started being late.
such bs. Cops say I need "professional supervision" to perform sick stunts, didn't even see that I had google glasses granting me just that.
think of the biggest number you can imagine. multiply it by 1,000. maybe then you'll have some idea of how large of a number i can think of.
Nothin better than kickin back, downin a few brews, and shootin the shit with my custom fuckin revolutionary war style turd cannon.
Props to whoever invented the sediment at the bottom of snapple bottles. it really gives the flavor of the drink the extra "bump" it needs.
Id like to thank whatever brave hero fought off all the guys who must have tried to steal the calculator watch i left in my unlocked car.
Good attempt at dethroning irish folk music as the number one music type in America. Except it sucked. Better luck next time #KendricksVerse
Everyone else is too afraid to say it so i guess it falls to me: barber poles are tacky and outdated, and they don't make you want a haircut
steel wool sweater is not very protective and doesnt make me look like a knight as expected, still moreso than a normal sweater i guess.
dems &amp; repubs agree to put an end to congressional debacle by cutting a baby in half, repubs get the good half since obama is still the prez
Im going to become a jeweler, but i'll just sell all the jewels right to the pawn shop as soon as theyre made, thus getting instant profits.
Im a semi-professional bouncer. i cant get hired because i never let anyone in, but they cant argue with my success rates
When I requested a cooler teacher I had no idea of the toll battling legendary Lin kuei warrior sub zero would take on my young teen body
(To the tune of stairway to heaven) There's a dude who I met/who's saving up for a jet/and he's working at 7/11
*business meeting falls silent when a ghost wearing a necktie floats into the room, but then everyone relaxes when he takes out a briefcase*
*takes cigar out* This twitter, its a goldmine see! the ninnyhammers are sittin on gold and theyre none the wiser see! i say we fleece em!
tryin to become a weed lord but theres one requirement about how you have to have spurs shaped like pot leaves and i just dont have the time
[in the style of Neutral Milk Hotel] What a beautiful thing i have found in the sun / this is fun i like seeing the trees
Hello? 411? gimme the 411 on this fool. Oh whats that? Hes a total fool? and he loves to step to people? much as I surmised. thanks veronica
Me talking to construction site foreman: Whats this, new skyscraper? Nice, nice. You know I'd build it myself but I kinda threw out my back.
Cadillac corp said theyd make me a star in their new commercial if I promise to suck pussy for two weeks straight, and i just might do it.
All of a sudden everyone wants a piece of me, just cause my painting of the statue of liberty's tit flopping out sold for 2 milli at auction
hey, if i know you and im not following you can you tweet at me so i can find out who you are. you can thank me later
"you're in line for an incline" - fairly smooth line to use to threaten someone with being pushed down a hill
Kid Rock has an ironic name, considering he's actually a rapper, and if a kid tried listening to him, the lines would go right over his head
#DarkBuzzFeed 350 styles of talisman to avoid if you value and want to retain the respect of local bird populations
There should be a reverse sponsorship option for charity walks where you can pay so some guy with a lot of sponsors wont have to walk as far
Restaurant guy: We need 165 burgers an hour and you did 163 in 58 minutes. youre fired dickhole.<br />me: *pulls fistful of beef from hip pocket*
Dont know what the electric company was thinking sending my bill via non priority mail but I guess it's not a priority for them either. Cool
Welcome to my dinner party, theres plastic spoons in a bucket and If your feet arent sliding around enough, theres a drawer full of hog fat.
*slides open big drawer of hog fat in the kitchen, making a sound like whole can of condensed soup falling out of the can in one big piece*
Me on my deathbed: I knew I should have killed myself. I called that 70 years ago but everyone was like "no what if something nice happens!"
Gonna do a cool Space Jam style scheme where I steal the talent and corncob pipes of various old moonshiners via a cursed earthenware jug.
Seems weird that Im the only one who's seen the footage of me toking a bowl with Hunter S Thompson, but theres no denying that its out there
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Wow, this reminds me of the really sexy parts of T2: Judgement Day. What? No shut up, come on, there were a lot of sexy scenes in that movie
Cool mysterious centenarian: "Whats this baby food horsepucky? Back when I was 70 the only thing we let babies eat was other babies pussies"
I need to charge my phone but all I have are these containers of ice water, lengths of wire and potato sacks. If only there was some way...
Even after sitting in an abandoned barn for twenty years, the old car still runs great. as good as it ran the day I went into this barn.
Tryin to get into the cat treat market w/ a trap music inspired ad campaign, but the market is actually surprisingly saturated w similar ads
There was a long period when I thought I got a better deal on the flat rate boxes @ the post office cause they like me. and i still think it
John Popper is commonly credited with inventing the harmonica. It technically existed before him but it had never been played correctly.
I cant control how often my Forrest Gump DVD skips due to scratches, but I can control how much I reflect on the messages during the pauses.
Been saving up for 4 years to buy Obama a starbucks giftcard for 10k, but I have a feeling It's all going to pay off when he makes me the VP
Creole flavor wizard who won iron chef by making nothing but gumbo for the whole season awarded food network presidency due to cool ritual
Funny that Bruce Springsteen got so mad with jealousy that he made up "copy right" laws to stop the release of my sweet song, "born to run"
Bank teller: sir you have to have an account to bank with us<br />Me: You want to open up that can of worms? cause we can go fishin motherfucker.
Anyone know where I can get jeans with one big back pocket, spanning both cheeks? like preferably something I could fit a six pack in.
If Pat Sajak had access to the actual real Wheel of Fortune he wouldn't have to act out that ridiculous charade with the light board anymore
Used to be a guy could make an honest living shredding paper but ever since those electric machines came out its been pretty rough out there
The original Arnold Palmer was half water half beer, but then a young skater gave him a hot tip that lemonade and iced tea would be better
Finally managed to make a forgery of the Dip Set member card with Cam's autograph but it doesn't really seem to carry the cachet i expected.
Hey DJ, do you take requests? Oh OK cool. I was just gonna say, if music is the food of love (i think it might be) could you play some more?
a lot of people think that having 3 cans of mace automatically means you win against someone with just 2, but really its still anybodys game
People say sharks can smell blood from a mile away. big deal. I could do that too if blood floated through the air and I had a shark's nose.
Doctor who just got peed on by a newborn: Thats it kid, you're outta here. Capisce? Scram, junior. You'll never be born in this town again!
And you can tell everybody that this is your house. It may be quite big but now that its done, i hope you dont mind that i built you a house
I hope Michael Jordan doesn't sue me for revealing that his email address is basketballfun123@aol.com and that his password is fun4uandme
Look dude, I already told you: I'm close minded. Do you even know what that means? It means I'm not considering what you said, so shut up.
Its funny when people tell me "take a picture, it'll last longer". Will it? Will it last longer than the laser engraving I'm making of you?
Scientist who hates farms: That's interesting, but overall...<br />Me: Ha, you said overalls, which means you admit farms are cooler than science
I think I speak for everyone when I say I'm sick of the guys at the store who bag the groceries for you. It's like, get the fuck outta here.
Wake up, people. The only reason you idiots even like coffee is because of the good taste and the energy boost  you get from the caffeine!
Im not a snob, I just have really high standards. I only like stuff thats extremely good, and I hate bad shit. Sorry for being so different.
Guy said I probably dont know karate because i had a suit on, but by the time I could think of a cool "necktie kwon do" comeback he was gone
Back to the future is the saga of the Biff family, who hAd one bad thing happen in each generation that ruined the guys life forever.
Each guy in the biff family had to become extra cool to make up for his shameful father, only to have it all taken away in one fell swoop
Ride every cab like it's the Cash Cab
You have to respect the fact that DMX is going to have Raider Klan buried with him to protect him in the afterlife like the terracotta army.
You can either pay your taxes in April like a chump, or you can slip a cop a Benjamin now and get it done with early. It's totally your call
me: want to go out to dinner?<br />girl: not interested thanks<br />me: you didnt let me finish. I was going to say "for $1mil" but hey, its your loss
Starbucks? They should call this place THREEbucks, cause thats how much it almost costs to get a cup of damn joe in this joint..
Look at this fuckin guy, look at that car. Hes probably got some big dick but he doesnt want anyone to know so he keeps it low key. Loser.
The boy who cried wolf is basically a pretty good how to guide for pump-faking the announcement of your suicide
Finally got around to starting that Long Con I always talked about. My library card now has a fake middle name on file (not on card itself)
Hey whats up guys *crowd cheers* tonight I'm going to smoke weed *crowd cheers louder* and then I'm going to jack off! *crowd starts booing*
my buddy's gonna wear a rain coat<br />in the wind, the sun or the rain<br />we can be like he is<br />come on baby <br />come wear a raincoat<br />baby take my hand
look out for cool spiderwebs tomorrow, spiders always try extra hard on halloween cause they know its their only shot at making the bigtime.
Last will and testament: to my wife i leave all my Subway points (~450) and to my kids I leave my entire fortune (I owe the bank like $14)
Greg: Hey man, Im Greg <br />Me: Im Mike, nice to meet you!<br />Greg: This is my dog, his name is Astro<br />Me: [now Ice grilling the dog] Oh we've met.
Wait, so when someone talks about "rolling with the punches"  it's not just a cool way of saying they like fruit juices?
Italian guy being escorted off campground for yelling about pussy too loudly: Oh, so I guess it's illegal to be from Italy now! Gabagoop!
People always act so surprised when they find out I put my finger up the cats ass. Probably cause they know I'm such a big Bill Withers fan.
People say "halloween is the only day when kids can go to strangers houses and get free candy!" Maybe at your house, jerk. Im open all year.
Dear uncle, stop sending me gold bars for Christmas and my birthday, I know you get them for free for working at Ft Knox. Its just lazy.
I slept in and now all the good jokes about setting clocks back have already been made. Watch out though, next time I'm going to be ready.
If you look in the background in the scene where Ferris is at the restaurant, you can see that his dad is there too! Luckily, he avoids him.
The funniest guy in Ferris Buellers Day Off is the principal. He HATES days off, but he basically takes one since hes chasing Ferris all day
No yeah you can definitely get a TV at a major chain store. If you want to see fake Illusions made by Hollywood execs instead of real shows.
Hard to believe that it's true, but all the Star Wars movies, including the prequels, were shot in one take over a long weekend in 1965.
To all the parents who still wash their kids mouths with soap when they swear: get with the times you old fogies, it's called Listerine!
We all like dumping a small bag of ice into our sock drawer to get the socks extra wet and stinky before a big date #CauseWereGuys
Jesus: Those were the times when I carried you son<br />Me: And when the vending machine ate my dollar?<br />Jesus: That time you bought me a Snickers
rollin down a hill smokin indo, sippin a box of juice<br />laid back, from my back to my tummy from my tummy to my back
#WouldBeABetterMayor if I was allowed entry into the Mayoral Offices in order to make a copy of the Keys to the City and to sit at the desk.
Oh theres a piece of toilet paper on my shoe? Well I don't fuckin step on toilet paper so I guess some spy must have put it there as a prank
UPS driver I overheard: "so I says to her 'i wear brown, it's not like I am brown!" Then as if to prove he's not racist  "slavery."
Guy wanted me to pay to send rice to a family in need. Maybe if you put some chipotle flavor in I'd think about it dude. I'm not an asshole.
The story If You Give A Mouse A Cookie teaches a good lesson about how if you give someone something, they still want stuff, so don't bother
Texting &amp; Driving: It can wait. We'll be on the highway in like 2 minutes, at which point the road gets wider and you can text pretty safely
Go ahead man, keep laughing and making fun of my list of things I feel self-conscious about , you're only making it longer.
"You would think snakes would be gross and slimy, but they are actually dry and scaly" Ok, thanks nature show, except no I totally wouldn't.
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson caught red handed failing to attend cool party at my house where there were plenty of free beers for him #Scandal
Im sorry, did I ask if the vacuum could suck up dirt? I asked if it could go off jumps. And if you wont tell me Ill have to find out myself.
My bumper sticker clearly says Im eating soup in here, if you cut me off and it spills its on you. Well the soup is on me but its your fault
People calling for an end to the two party system but Im not sure how they even know about my second birthday party considering its private
Im sorry Mr Kiedis but AT&amp;T does not offer an "Uplift mofo family plan", you have to pick either a regular family plan or an individual plan
I never thought I'd see Wanda Sykes get tabletopped by The Rock and I and then come to my house to smoke weed, but here we are nonetheless.
"Bottled water? Ha, when I was your age we used to drink out of a dirty hose!" - gross old man who likes drinking from nasty hoses
I could have invented the iPhone if I wanted to, its just that I was tired that day and I didn't get around to it.
I'm a pussy? Would a guy who's a pussy cry when they dont have his favorite ice cream at the store? He would? Well that doesn't mean I'M one
to each beneficiary of my will I bequeath one big set of chains, which I will rattle if you try and sell any of my stuff, as Its mine still.
Sup baby. Yeah I play guitar. You ever seen the TV show of the Gummi Bears? This is a funk metal remix I made of the theme song, check it...
Well excuse me, but how exactly was I supposed to know you didn't want your thoughts transcribed by my telepathy machine? What am I psychic?
Cashier: Your total is...<br />Me: Kid, I went to Harvard, I think I know the cost of one burger.<br />[15 minutes elapse]<br />Me: It's ten dollars right?
Great, guy across the street saw me ordering my signature sandwich, now I have to hide outside the sub shop to make sure he doesn't copy me.
Yes Im making a sequel to Ready to Die, no my impression of Biggie is not racist, its respectful, and yes, the slap bass solos are insane.
I hope someone someday builds a house with high enough ceilings and a deep enough basement for me to do my upstairs/downstairs stilt routine
Wow, where'd this asshole learn to drive? Probably at the Juilliard school or acting, since he's acting like a real jerk.
This one goes out to the big man upstairs, God. Thanks for lookin the other way when I  j/o, I'll try and keep on the DL #MentionATrueFriend
That's right ladies, I'm the proud owner of a brand new Mercedes Benz's employee.
Don't get it twisted, I'm one of the wildest, most uncouth guys you'll ever meet, I'm just holding back because I dont want to offend anyone
When Gov't officials play HORSE on the B ball court, the winner gets a real horse every time, on the taxpayer's dime. You're welcome Obama.
Holy shit Veronica, hold my calls, I just got an email saying there's a magician blowing bubbles and doing card tricks at the Mens Wearhouse
"Hi I'm a jerk and I get on the bus one stop after Mike F so I can have a shorter commute than him!" yeah shut up dude I know you're a jerk.
Guy at lunch: What gives you the right to spit in my burger?<br />Me: Calm down Plato, Im trying to start an altercation, not a political debate!
History Magazine refuses to pay for a tip I sent in about the 20s being one of the most roaring times in history. Thats a hot tip you idiots
Oh so I cant ship dogs ashes but its fine to ship a dog? Oh? I cant ship a live one either? This post office is even dumber than I thought.
I dont send Christmas cards I send business cards. I buy them in the Christmas card section but I write business related stuff on the inside
Negotiated my way into a lower wage in exchange for free Subway coupons, If all goes as planned the subs will pay for the wage cut in ~5 yrs
If a cop tries to give you shit, just roll down the window and barf on his shoes. Its technically illegal but its not as bad as say, murder.
Wish DJ Screw would stop haunting my car stereo. Maybe I dont respect Houston as much as I should but cmon, I certainly don't disrespect it.
I don't have anything to add but it's funny to see my boy thrush arguing against the viability of a career people totally get rich from
Cops almost got me, but by the time they hit the crosswalk the hand was flashing and I was already halfway across. They never had a chance.
Coroner in charge of stomach content analysis: Uhhh looks like this one's just got more barf in it Jerry. This job is fuckin gross as shit.
Trust me babe its cool. I know the owner of this place and hes always talking about how Im allowed to park here cause Im so tall and funny.
Im sure I can get us a table with a pretty reasonable wait time, I know the manager here. hes my manager
My bus driver friend is so annoying. It's like every five minutes with the "Hey do you know anyone who needs a ride?" dude I'll let you know
Do I want to be an organ donor? Yeah sure Im fuckin Mozart over here. Let me just go to my Organ room and get one to donate. Fuck outta here
#hikerchat Hate it when I hike to the top of a mountain to put up a sign saying I respect its majesty, and its already full of similar signs
Gotta come clean: Thought the water fountain would work at my house but I dont know how to set it up. You can have it back I guess. Im sorry
if I need to throw out trash I go to the corner of the room and sink it  free throw style, everyone cheers and one guys says "from downtown"
You think it's funny when I act silly? You think being silly is a joke? If so, then you have a lot of growing up to do my friend.
It's sort of understandable that they won't let me host the Late Show even once. The crowd would cheer too loud and make Dave Letterman cry.
I'm making a flower box for my mom. It's actually pretty tough though don't get it twisted. http://t.co/NOrrlGuUjF
Probably not even going to submit anything to the Golden Globes, since they proved last year that they're assholes who don't watch my movies
Guy at Best Buy says they dont sell shirts, but they seem to have plenty whenever a new employee gets hired. I think he's holding out on me.
If you want to save cash on shipping use bubble fluid instead of bubble wrap, it saves space, as the bubbles only activate if shit gets real
"Pretty soon we won't even be able to take a dump without big government watchin!" lol like that's not the first thing they started watching
Knight talking under breath, to other knight: Oh shit here comes Rodney. Watch, he's gonna tell someone to taste his blade again. Douchebag.
Im gonna be straight with you: if you dont like the water hitting your legs when I swing the mop, youre gonna hate the song I wrote about it
People are shocked that I spend $650 a week on groceries, but most of that is for bribing the staff to give me a standing ovation as I exit.
Hey bartender, I asked for something light and fruity, not a gay drink. Take this back before the other guys see it and think im not manly.
Oh I'm sorry, did I accidentally entangle you in my super long pant legs? Bet you didn't know you could wear stilts pants without stilts huh
People are talking about Christmas and it's not even Thanksgiving?! This would never have happened in uh, in like the 19th century maybe.
Sick of Nature-lovers bragging about their stupid pastime "I went on a fun hike today!" yeah big deal, I threw up before noon from drinking.
I can't really see myself ever living in a world without mirrors.
Not going to get a slice of pizza after I missed the registration day for getting that free mansion is the second biggest regret of my life.
I was just giving you a stupid tip, to uh, to um. to make myself feel good I guess. That seems like its probably the reason
You seriously have a bathroom mirror to check your appearance? I just have a friend who chills in the bathroom and tells me if I look cool.
Whats this, a bunch of dodgeballs, frisbees, flag football belts and a rainbow parachute? Sheesh, Im gonna have a field day with this one.
Burger Restaurant<br /><br />Receipt <br /><br />1 Hamburger <br /><br />Subtotal: _2.99___<br /><br />Tip: _Try giving me 2 burgers next time, on the house__<br /><br />Total: _2.99___
Listen pal, the amount of my time that it would take to open my wallet is worth more than the bills I'd take out, so uh, no. I'm not paying.
Whoever said old dogs cant learn new tricks needs to grow up. Why do you have so much spite for old dogs? What did they ever do to you, huh?
"Well, I guess its just one of those things where you either like it or you don't." I'm sorry, what? I've never heard of anything like that.
Are you seriously wearing a leopard print onesie to my party? I'm disgusted with you right now. [zips up face mask on my zebra print onesie]
Ok Mr. Smart Man, if I can't take criticism then why do you keep giving it to me? Sounds like your mistake there pal, not mine.
That parody of the Happy Birthday song where you say the guy is looks like a monkey and lives in the zoo was way ahead of it's time.
Not gonna bother keeping up with milk anymore. Every time I go to the store theres a new date on the jug and its the same damn milk. Im done
Everyone thought the guy was smart who first said that time is an illusion, but just wait til I tell them that location is also an illusion.
"I took my kid to the park today... yeah, the amusement park!" - Joke I'm working on. It's almost done except theres nothing funny about it.
Everyone getting into the Christmas Spirit should know that if the real Christmas Spirit ever caught wind of it there would be hell to pay.
Actually man I hate to break it to you but Ive heard of several types of parties that dont stop, so your party isnt as unique as you thought
Want to know how you can make a regular printer into a 3D printer for less than $300? It's called my $250 crash course in origami. Be there.
I don't know man, I don't think I can maintain this relationship with you. I feel like the only thing you ever want to buy from me is weed.
Can't seem to get my business off the ground, despite casually dropping hundreds of business cards into the storm drain on a bi-daily basis.
It's not THAT expensive. I mean if you think about it its really no different than buying 1,500 cups of coffee. You can afford coffee right?
Yeah I play a little violin. It's seriously little though. In fact, between you and me, Its more of a mocking gesture than an actual violin.
Do you know how embarrassing it is to be the world Slam Dunk champion at age 16? Well Its actually a lot less embarrassing than you'd think.
Sir, it actually says right here in the rule book that you have to be a man aged 18 years or more to play. Air Bud obviously doesnt qualify.
Oh check out the door, its cool for sure<br />Doo doo doo doo<br />See it from the kitchen, it looks pretty bitchin<br />Doo doo doo lookin out my backdoor
Favorite 'Stones album? Hmm, its a toss up between the most recent one and the one before it. Both of them were really developed and mature.
Whos to say that the color you see as blue is the same as the blue I see? Well if no one else will step up I'll say that. Sounds right to me
Clearly if life gave me lemons I would make lemonade. Thats a different situation. Do you think Id be complaining if I just got free lemons?
The Beatles started out normal [I Want to Hold Your Hand plays] but they soon entered a dark, trippy period [cue Wonderful Christmas Time]
[guy talking about me on Behind the Music] No one was ever sure what made Mike so great. Some say it was his negative attitude and bad hair.
Anyone have a list of companies who like buying people's private info? Just curious, I know more than 100 people and I could use the cash.
"Sir can I ask why you barfed IN my car?" "Sorry officer, I was.. eating a lot of ice cream" "The barf seems to be mostly beef and corn sir"
Sir, please stop trying to sneak your popcorn vending cart into the theater. Its huge and its offensive to me that you think I didnt see it.
Hello 411? Im having a hell of a time eating this spaghetti, it wont stay on the fork. How serious does the situation have to be to call 911
Yes, I understand 911 is for emergencies. BUT in my defense, at the time I made the call I genuinely thought my spaghetti was all connected.
Thats the last spaghetti/911 tweet, I just had another one to get out of my system. Im good now I think.
Hello, 911. If its about the olive garden spaghetti being too thick, we know. If not, sorry, we're a little busy with the olive garden thing
#bachelortips If you mix a can of baked beans with a can of tuna and a diced green apple, you can make a nasty bowl of horrible swill.
#bachelortips Remember to check between the couch cushions if you want to touch and feel little pieces of all the food you ever ate there.
Oh you know me. I turn into a total JoBros fan when Im drunk. I would normally not have bought a Jonas Brothers poster, I don't listen to em
You won't believe it dude. I was as surprised as you to see that Jonas Bros ticket stub in my wallet. I must've been WASTED that night.
Naw dog you got it twisted, I took these reading glasses from a nerd. I have great eyesight, I just think large print looks more badass.
I'm not a snob, I don't even drink wine that much. It's just...  there's no wine there. You just coughed into the glass and handed it to me.
I dont have a winter coat, all I have is a thin tarpaulin with the 311 logo printed on it. It keeps me cold both physically and emotionally.
So apparently all time I just saved by showering fully clothed is now gonna be wasted blow drying the clothes. This is just fucking great.
I made a chair to sit in, its wooden. http://t.co/GblUSavGKt
I made a foot stool at the same time as I made that chair, also wooden, but this time with a drawer in it. http://t.co/gvtp496TBq
Supreme Court rules they are allowed to wear good oversized Looney Toon shirts instead of stodgy black robes, cowboy boots instead of shoes.
Our new Cold Steel long sword is capable of slicing a punching bag in half with just ONE swing. Punching bag manufacturers HATE it.
The amount of stuff youll be able to reach with this stepladder far outweighs the cost of the ladder. You really can't afford not to buy it.
Look. You might be testing my driving ability but when you drink as much water as I do, almost every test is a piss test, so just be ready.
"Holy cannoli, chill out man, theres no need to have a cannoli about it!" - me visiting Italy before I learned cannoli is a food, not a cuss
You're gonna be sorry you crossed me when my paycheck clears and I pay the fee to notarize this note I wrote saying you have a small dick!
"There's ants all over my house!" No shit. There's a reason I wear my socks for a full week between washes. Its unrelated but there is one.
It's lame to like rainbows, butterflies and flowers. I prefer stripes, moths and whatever the uglier version of flowers is. Seedpods maybe.
Yes I'll pay with a check, just let m- *ring* Oh I gotta take this [I take out my cell phone and it has a separate earpiece and rotary dial]
[steering around traffic cone in parking lot] Christ, this place is like Fort Knox! [pushing the 'Pull' door] Jeez, what is this, Fort Knox?
Sir, <br />We barely regret to inform you that your request for permission to have a weed silo is denied. Like wicked denied. I mean, come on sir
Babe, we've been through a lot and we're still goin strong [Opens ring box] but not as strong as I had to be to win this superbowl ring WOO!
If you two buffoons don't have the skills to Alley-oop my groceries into the bags then I'm afraid I shan't be paying for them. Good day.
Me: I'll take all this, It might seem like a lot but Im good for it. Just put it on the card.<br />Librarian: No shit homie, this is the library.
The key to life is simple my man: you gotta get up there, you gotta get in where it's at. Then you just have to, uh, just do the damn thing.
Welcome to my seminar on Opportunity Cost. There are free tote bags in the lobby but they're only available until the end of the seminar.
Its rude to mime jacking off when someone is telling a story about their job, unless they are a porn star in which case its actually polite.
IQ is meaningless. I've never tested mine, but I bet my score would be either really high cause Im so smart, or low because the test sucks.
Hitting a machine to get it to work is risky; if it works then you look suave, but if it doesn't then you just look like a frustrated ape.
"When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie thats some good shit" - original version of 'thats amore' before it was ruined by censors
Check it, idiot. Time and space are relative, so whos to say that I'm even filling your car with popcorn right now? You? Dont make me laugh.
(sarcastically) May I take your coat sir? (hanging up coat on rack secretly marked 'shitty coats') Enjoy your night sir (smiling bitterly)
To all the guys out there trying to make salty meat flavored cubes: give it up idiots. Bouillon are legendary, their flavor can't be beat
Balloon store owner: Kid, there was a time when all these balloons could be bought for a dollar. But the price has gone up due to inflation.
I would like to propose a toast, but I don't appreciate anything and I never have. Not even this free drink with which I won't be toasting.
Whoever said life isn't fair should try coming to this 4-H Fair. I bet he'd think it was pretty fair after some of these farming activities.
Welcome to the Parent Teacher conference. The good news is your kid is chilling out and just generally kickin it at almost a 5th grade level
Shit, just remembered that police dogs eat poop off the dirty ground and they have more authority than I will ever have.
"You mess with my kids, Im gonna fuck you up. Thats not a threat its a promise." Uh technically it is a threat. That promise is threatening.
Youre not cool unless youre a yo yo master? Well guess what bitches, I- Oh youre not cool if you ARE one? Nevermind. Forget I said anything.
My voice sounds like a drum pa rumpa pum pum, these sounds are cool not dumb pa rumpa pum pum, don't even need a drum pa rumpa pum pum, rum
Just remembered I was supposed to give the go-ahead for my suicide cult to off themselves. Theyve been waiting so long, hope they're not mad
Jim Jones Cultist: Wow, this Kool Aid sucks. Good thing I'm gonna die soon cause if I wasn't I'd kill myself over this shitty fruit punch.
Guy on NPR from the traffic dept says people used to call about heavy traffic, now they just accept it, but my question is, did they? Why?
Traffic department? The road's full of cars, and I'm behind about a thousand of them. What do you usually do to solve this type of problem?
So I'll never walk again?<br />"After physical therapy you'll be fine"<br />but the time...<br />"It would be 2 days Mike"<br />I already bought a new couch...
I don't have a college degree per se but people often assume I do when I wear these stylish black robes and mortarboard to job interviews.
[McDonalds "I'm Lovin' It" song kicks in with good sample dialogue about dollar menu, hip hop beat in bg] Damn, you crazy for this one Jay!
Favorite Drake song? Id have to say... Toot Toot Tootsie. Wait sorry, I was thinking of jazz great Al Jolson. That was a Jolson Jam for sure
[Guys chanting in fight club] His name was Meatloaf. That was the singer Meatloaf. His name was Meatloaf. Meatloaf was in our fight club.
007: What do you got for me Q? Hook up the gadgets<br />Q: This one is something quite advanced Mr. Bond. The bong actually operates via gravity.
You can have my gloves when you slip them gently from off my insulated, warm hands you sons of bitches. In fact I'll take them off for you.
What? No I never said that I liked One Direction dude. And if I did, it was probably only because i had Stockholm Syndrome for them. Jerks.
I hate receiving all these greetings and well  wishes during the holidays. Shit fuckin cheeses me off  wicked bad. Good vibes pissin me off.
Mike is my name and standing outside the post office offering to ship stuff for one dollar less than the going rate is my game.
You expect me to pay full price for a toilet? After I've gone to the bathroom in toilets over a thousand times in my life? Dream on sir.
The next asshole who boos my show is getting the full price of his ticket refunded. Plus I'll give you a handjob if you take back your boo.
Yeah sorry if my hair's a little dirty, my shampoo bottle is in the shop, they're waiting for me to pick it up. The barber shop I mean.
Tip for holiday candy companies: try making candy in the shape of things kids actually like, not stupid old man canes. Canes are wack.
Hi, Mike F tried to get you an eCard in lieu of a gift but he was too much of a dick to the eCard staff for us to send the free card. Sorry.
I built this shot glass for the Holidays http://t.co/SLdiUlccyV
I made this shot glass as well http://t.co/JMM0rhaDQN
Another thing I built as a gift was this box http://t.co/N586037ipO
Here's another box http://t.co/2yMN0LRg06
and a third one even http://t.co/VQKtKCG90v
I also made a round box. http://t.co/FQyxfkzr5H
Ok I'm done.
Come on whaddaya say babe, let's blow this popsicle stand employee.
Wow, this has definitely been one of the [unintelligible] years of my life. I really [clears throat] a lot of my goals in the past 12 months
These are tears of joy you dick. I'm just so happy right now that I was able to fall down and skin my knee without crying from the pain.
"Careful Mike, this could all blow up and bite you in the ass" Yeah, that's just what they said about my inflatable ass biting machine too.
this is a pretty good picture and I like it. http://t.co/O4KUlodXkf
Shut your trap kid, you have the rest of your life to get rides to school, and I only have one week left to make the best Rap album of 2013.
Whew, my feet are getting pretty tired from all this sitting down. I'd kill for a good foot rest right about now.
As we go forward into the new year, I think it is important that we all take heed of Kanye's cautionary words: "Don't get me into my zone"
Of course the king is the most powerful playing card. That;s how kings want it. It just goes to show what a King-centric society we live in.
If you protest against slaughterhouses, you have a lot to learn about how much more of a shit show it would be if we did it out in the yard.
Ten Clever New Ways To Peel An Orange That Are Guaranteed To Make You Look And Feel Like A Huge Asshole When You Use Them At Lunch
Most people don't know the director of License to Drive also made a sequel where two teens try and get a CDL to impress girls with Trucking.
[Amber alert announcement comes on radio describing a stolen car nearby] Sorry guys I gotta jet. Sounds like they might need me on this one.
Traffic cones are actually kind of shitty cones, but you can't go past them so they're pretty good as far as that goes. Keeps people in line
Sorry boss *cough* Cant make it in today, I got the uh *scrolling through webMD* bubonic plague? Yeah definitely feels like the black death.
Just thought of a great reason why the easy way out is also the right thing to do, just need to think of a book title for it and Im all set.
This is the year I finally take people with peanut allergies down a peg. I plan to do an exposé which will bring to light a few key issues.
"Eh, I dont want a boat, its too much hassle to maintain. The things probably suck shit." - Chairman of the Guys Who Can't Afford Boats Club
Im gonna write a childrens story about a bear who eats garbage in the woods and has no responsibilities to teach kids how good bears have it
Doctor: Has there been any blood in your stool?<br />Me: I don't eat blood dude. Do I seem like I'm some kind of fuckin vampire to you?
Good mnemonic device to help you out if you're partying:<br />Weed before liquor, there's nothing sicker<br />Liquor before weed, is good shit indeed
my tweets have bit of a Snarky quality *looking at thesaurus* a certain... irascibility *now looking at antonyms* They're sort of... urbane
Look kid, there are cool rich guys in Africa who get free diamonds with slave labor all day, so think before you act so happy about your toy
"If you think its so bad why dont you make a better movie" Yeah how about I make Citizen Kane. Thats a great movie. Whos the dick now Trevor
A checkerboard pattern? But don't you think the polka dots are a little tacky? Oh, you meant American checkers. I'm sorry, I didn't realize.
The alien book isnt about how to cook 4 humans, theyre using the 4 as some kind of word in their alien language! They want to cook FOR us!
Actually, Im very good at expressing myself and I'll do it right n- *drops banana peel from back pocket and slips on it, falling out door*
All our espresso beverages are hand-stirred and served cold. If you want it hot you're going to have to come back here and use your own hand
Spilled  all my fries at mcdonald's and now they're all laughing and saying I'm having a fry yard sale. They won't even let me buy a new one
[watching clown perform slapstick physical comedy at a child's birthday party] Is this guy fuckin serious? Are you kidding me right now?
Your total is 5.99<br />Me: all I have is a hundred...<br />Cashier: thats fine<br />Me: you didnt let me finish. All I have is a hundred nickels. We cool?
Ah yes, this is a fine bourbon. *swirls glass* a nice barrelly aftertaste *swirls glass so hard an ice cube flies out and lands on the bar*
Im opening a weed store in Colorado and having a sale where the slogan is "The only thing not getting really high in here are these prices!"
People who say theres no such thing as a free lunch should see how many of these dinner mints I've thrown in the trash at no cost to myself.
Sir I own an underwear retail store, its likely that I would have said underwear at some point in our transaction regardless of your "trick"
"Wow, these flavors are subtle. I like the bitterness. Definitely isn't hot turd water." - Me after mistaking mouse turds for coffee beans
Yeah I have some rolling papers, hold on [I pull out a bag of construction paper strips and glue sticks that I use to make paper chains]
I prefer real books to ebooks, because of the feel of the book. Its certainly not because ebooks keep track of whether or not Ive read them.
The barcode tattoo is a commentary on  the commodification of our lives [secretively scans tat, bringing up a map to starbucks on my phone]
If you are suffering from depression, DO NOT snap out of it. This could easily backfire and cause you to sink into even worse depression.
Sir did you drop this 20 dollar bill? You did? Wrong, I stole it from your pocket. I'm David Blaine and the cost for lying to me is 20 bucks
I know my shoe is untied jerk, I did that on purpose to save time, since I have to take it off later anyway. sorry I don't sleep in my shoes
American medical association says you don't have to eat the entire bar of soap when showering, just half is good unless you're really dirty.
A Portrait of The Artist Listening to Young Jeezy
You don't want your broccoli? Well then you get no dessert, which is also broccoli. Looks like daddy gets two extra servings of broc tonight
Tomorrow is a big day! Youre going to go to a room with your contemporaries and do tasks. Then youre going to do that for your whole life.
Correct,  100 pizzas. As a prank. I just want to make sure you know it's a prank, I don't need all these pizzas. Yeah the credit card is 4 1
The first layer we encounter on earth is the hard, brittle crust. This is followed by a layer of thick, hot berries, known as "the filling"
Nice. Finally got my dream car. Now all that's left is to get a vanity plate that says R.I.P and drive this sweet baby right into my grave.
Tip for students, Jungian is actually NOT the adjectival form of Jungle, and the class will barely give you any insight into the jaguar mind
I may seem like a retarded dickhead who says stupid shit constantly, but check this out jerks: I ruined my own life with stupidity and irony
The suckers who bought tickets to my seminar on why I'm a huge piece of shit are in for a rude surprise when I rudely don't show up to it.
Be the change you want to see in the world? Yeah hold on let me just start being a lot more respect for my fleece onesie. That will work
Actually if you knew anything about the culinary arts, you'd know that I didn't fuck it up, and Its not a "heap", it's called Chicago style.
Friend: Hey Mike, I was gonna head over to the parasol store, you want to come along?<br />Me: I don't know dude, that place is pretty shady...
Wait [jams foot in door] I think I misspoke. What I meant to say was I'm really into NOT juggling and I DON'T want to do it at your party.
CEO of Dominos defending his product: Actually asshole, almost 7 out of 10 people prefer our pizza to eating a frisbee full of kraft singles
First you claim you don't have two handed swords, and now you "cant" break a 100? Quite the web of lies youve woven this night, 7/11 cashier
[stock boy enters dark office] We're out of bread [crushes sub roll in fist and spins slowly around in chair] Tell them... to bake some more
Try writing your problems down in a list and look at the list through the wrong end of some binoculars, your problems will seem much smaller
Pros:<br />-Tiger Woods<br />-Warren Buffet<br />-Bono<br />Cons:<br />-ask for gas money when you dont need gas<br />-return items from shelf for cash<br />-insurance fraud
Here, try this soup. I think it needs something else but I cant put my finger on what it is. So far it has water, salt and pepperoni slices.
My one regret, as I lay on my deathbed, is that I didn't ever use my deathbed until tonight. This thing is way better than my regular bed.
I'm sorry your kid got in a car accident but all I'm saying is he'd be alive right now if he had been wearing his fingerless driving gloves.
40% off ANY fabric, of MY choosing? Don't tempt me, Jo Ann fabrics monthly sales flyer...
Careful kid. A friend of mine once tried to ghost a hit that big. The resulting ghost was too powerful, and it tore his very bong apart...
I cooked dinner, so you do the dishes. Also I wore this suit, so you have to wash it. Plus I broke the oven door, you have to fix that too.
[rounds corner, drops cowboy hat] "You dropped your hat!" That's a burner hat dog, I just wanted the guys over there to think I was a cowboy
No one knows what its like<br />to be old guys<br />The other 2 guys died<br />Im very sad<br />No one knows what its like<br />to be Pete Townsend<br />to watch child po
I disagree doc, the abuse was actually pretty cool. My problems can more likely be traced to when I put too much mustard on a sandwich in 98
Ah, but does not the candle which burns twice as bright burn only half as long? Wise words. [Puts back two sided sharpie, takes normal one]
[picture of sexy celeb]<br />Hot, right?<br />[same celeb w/ monster makeup from horror movie]<br />Not so hot anymore! Trick photography baby. Hollywood.
If theres anything I can do to help, and I mean ANYTHING that is free and easy and takes less than 5 minutes to do, do not hesitate to ask.
Dude you can trust me. Im the easiest guy in town to trust. Like 4 different guys are trusting me to pick them up from the airport right now
Guys! I found a sick ratio on this seashell. This ratio is insane. This new golden ratio is making all our old ratios look like shit.
Can you borrow a towel? Hell man, you can borrow about 50 of em, and you can keep em while you're at it. We use paper towels in this house.
Police are on the lookout for a tiny man who drove a toy convertible through a puddle and splashed my pants, making it look like I peed them
Nerdy scribe in dark ages: I don't smoke that stuff. I get high from scribing good texts. The only rolling papers I need are these scrolls
Finally got my fax machine, now to turn it on and see whats going on in the fax world... [Picture of hand flipping me off slowly prints out]
Thought they were being fancy when they said these raisins were enrobed in chocolate but they really have some cute little robes on in there
Special skills include:<br />-Jamming stuff into things<br />-Stepping on stuff to make it smaller<br />-Slamming the door hard enough to break a window
Yeah I dabble in the CEO scene. I don't do it professionally or anything but I do a lot of  executive stuff at home, you know, just for fun.
Wait wait wait hold up. What if instead of asking questions... we ask... answers? - Alex Trebek, inventor of Jeopardy, biggest fuckhead ever
The planets of our solar system are just big balls of stupid gas, like this ball [bounces big exercise ball]  that's why theyre scared of us
My bird of prey style screeches sound shrill  and gay? Maybe to you pal, but to a red tailed hawk they are sexier than you can even imagine.
Great sculpture. The round ball part represents the circle of life, and the twisty part represents the twisted nature of the human condition
That chair is patio furniture dick, not a lawn chair. Either you get a patio immediately and relocate that chair onto it or im going home.
Congratulations dog, as a reward for fucking up your body with good tasting beers we're going to give you free liver transplants for a year!
Why  should you recruit me for the marines? Well for a start I defeated the top general in the army by dropping a crystal chandelier  on him
[Group of cool tough guys walk up to nerdy guy looking stuff up in a big encyclopedia set] What's the matter nerd? Never heard of Wikipedia?
I'm a businessman, here's my card [it's a hallmark greeting card with a flower on the front and 'let's do business' written on the inside]
Dude that bag of M&amp;Ms is huge. You could probably get a boatload of cash if you sold that to Hershey. Those guys always need more M&amp;Ms.
Just act natural. He was probably just saying "in the grand scheme" as a colloquialism, there's no way he knows about our real grand scheme.
The guys on that show storage wars should just go to U-Haul, they can rent the storage unit and then return it if theres nothing good inside
Sorry I meant to say that Pulp Fiction was NOT a badass movie, but autocorrect wont let me. I tried to turn it off but it shut off my phone.
Think about how much paper we waste. We need to look into more sustainable materials to write on, like... leaves, and uh, really flat rocks.
Well Its official. Sources in Hollywood have confirmed that the Star Trek movie I made in my imagination is far better than the official one
Tried to donate my hair to locks of love but they refused. They gave me a wig to cover it up, said I needed it more than the cancer patients
Come on, let me show you this cool secret place I know [I squeeze under a barbed wire fence to emerge in the back parking lot of a Chilis]
Please dont laugh at my film. I know it seems funny that a dog is driving the oscar mayer weiner car but its a very serious scene in context
"Sorry Mike, thought you were being a hater. Just hating stuff for no reason"<br />Oh I am. I'm doing exactly that. Im a rude jerk.<br />"Oh. cool..."
"Whoa, clear the sidewalk, this guy seems really chill. Probably on his way to chill with some famous guys" - Speaker I hid in a storm drain
It's 2014, and nobody knows how the dinosaurs became fossils [crowd boos] Sorry, I meant to say it's obvious how they did it [crowd cheers]
Why did I cut you off? Did it ever occur to you that maybe I'm really sad about my life? Maybe I "cut off" my own life with my bad attitude?
Accountant: Sure making guys slip on banana peels is funny but there's no money in it<br />Me: Of course not. By the way, can you return stocks?
Highlights from my upcoming political rap debut:<br />"these policies are no good, theyve got to go"<br />"someone get this bad president out of here"
"If you are reading this, I was slain by a cool genius. But know this: my ghost will not rest until the killer is found." - my suicide note
How can we replace the fireman pole? I'll show you [I cut a rope and a pulley system drags me up by a harness, slamming me into the ceiling]
The Mississippi River is the largest in N. America [1] and Mike fully knew about it before he tried to walk to California [citation needed]
Plato was an idiot. There is no evidence of any "puppet show" in a cave, and furthermore, the idea of a "world of worms" is patently absurd.
[We now return to Mike F: Behind the Music]<br />Mike was always a virtuoso with the wood block. He could hit that thing 40 or 50 times a minute.
After spending 15 years and ~$16mil in grant money, scientists have cut a piece of paper in half, making two thin sheets of tissue paper.
When I first said I was going to invent a new pasta shape, you laughed at me, but the joke's on you: extra long spaghetti technically counts
Sorry my gift was kinda last minute. I got you my DVD copy of White Chicks, but the disc was missing so I filled the case with bread crumbs.
just threw out every pair of tweezers in my house. If it's too small to pick up with my hand, then I don't need that tiny crap in my life.
That was a great golf game eh boys? Boys? [look of horror dawns on me as I realize Im not supposed to dip the club sandwich in my club soda]
"This bus is too crowded, guess I'll just have to stand at the front" - Me out loud to the bus driver as I get on alone at the first stop
Alright boys, it's time to lock and load [pops collar on short-cropped leather jacket, loads a sour cream and onion cartridge into my e-cig]
Shampoo on the airplane and real poo in the champagne... That's what I always say anyway.
Sorry, can you repeat what you said about how pomegranates are a super fruit? I got distracted thinking of ways to call you a super fruit.
Im sorry but theres no way you need to use paper towel as toilet paper. Please shut up sir. I can see your ass from here, its not that wide.
To you or I, the field mouse appears to be a small dirty mouse, but to the powerfully stupid eyes of a Hawk, he looks like a delicious meal.
Oh hes not BAD per se, I just prefer his earlier work. Hes kinda fallen off recently. I'll still change his diaper but Im not expecting much
Ok dude, for the last time, I agree that oily silk is extremely smooth, that's not the point. It's just not comfortable to wear as pants.
Wow, that's some stapler. Looks pretty heavy duty. One of the biggest I've seen...Bet you a dollar I can staple my hands together with it.
The Gods Must Be Crazy II:  when a rude man throws a bottle at a plane, the pilot becomes enraged and crashes his plane into the mans home
[Perched on friends shoulder, yelling through bullhorn at James Taylor concert] Can't feel the moonshine over here Jim. Not feelin it at all
"I love it, but do you think theres any way we could add a shitload of swirly trippy leaves?" - every guy who ever commissioned an engraving
The only skill you listed here is finding the end of a roll of tape by feeling around the roll with a thumbnail. We can actually all do that
French fries? I thought the French hated fried food! [Adviser whispers in my ear] Sorry I guess they dont. They actually like it apparently.
Oops, I told my son that no one ever died from eating healthy vegetables and now he's made it his life's goal to die from eating vegetables.
Leonardo Fibonacci: Greetings mathematicians, check out this pattern I fou- made. I made it. [pulls snail out of shell, kicks it under rug]
#CelebrityCrimes Christian Bale refuses to wear the free bead bracelet I made, despite having many opportunities to do so in 3 batman films
My my its American pie<br />got a chevy from the chevy dealer manager guy<br />the good old boys havin slices of pie<br />singin this is some good ass pie
Good shit. This doesn't sound like crap. Who sings this? It's actually not bad - me when my love of country music turns from ironic to real
Can't go back to Youtube, Somehow they figured out that I'm just lashing out cause I'm jealous and now they wont take my comments seriously.
Someday a real rain will come and wash all this scum off my car.
Coffee is the soupy, bitter juice of a hard black bean. It's not great but you cant deny its better than the other bean juices on the market
So frustrated. Wore my freshest fit to the dentist, got 26" rims on the car, and he still says I need to floss more. I don't know if I can.
[driving behind salt truck, yelling out window] Why are you putting salt on the road dummy? Are you going to try to eat the road? Good luck
[we hear each man's internal monologue as the camera pans across; it gets to me and it just sounds like someone shaking a barrel of apples]
Im gonna put honey on your car door handle bitch. I hope you have a tiny screwdriver, because you're about to be screwed in a very small way
When interviewed, one NSA leader said "What we need is to get Snowden to climb into a garbage truck. The compactor would crush him easily"
NSA has plans to put a bucket outside of Edward Snowden's door in Russia, citing that he will likely step in the bucket and look like a fool
thank you for this Oscar. It's all thanks to the big man upstairs [I gesture to the balcony, John Goodman grabs his belly and laughs wildly]
"Basically once Snowden puts his head into the missile tube" explained an NSA official excitedly "we will fire the missile at his dumb head"
Ok Ouija spirit I get it. My shirt is nice. Yes the colors look good. Any real messages from the spirit world or is it just the shirt thing?
Alright fine [zips up fly] fill it with unleaded. But you should take down that sign saying full service if all you do is put gas in my car.
Mike is an up and comer. Hes on track to do some shit. We're led to believe hes got stuff in the pipeline, despite present lack of evidence.
Ladies and gentlemen [dons magician gloves and tophat] the trick that got George Bush  kicked out of the illuminati, and me kicked into it.
[Phone rings at NASA, Astronaut trips over pile of grant money, spills bong on it] Hello? [cough] No sir, uh, haven't gotten to Jupiter yet.
Excuse me sir, I'll have you know you're speaking to a man who has only extremely rarely been barred from entering the dollar store.
Me: I'd like to buy every seat on the train. <br />Clerk: That would cost 25,000 dollars<br />Me: Hm. Do you accept spite? Im buying them out of spite
The Shawshank Redemption except I drink coffee in a diner for 6 months and I secretly dig a hole under one of the booths to escape the bill.
I mistranslated the prophecy. It actually says 'a chip of intense ranch flavor'. Nostradamus was just trying to warn us about ranch doritos.
Suspect is charged with somehow resisting seduction by a sultry dreamboat police officer in a steamy interrogation scenario
I hate you dad, you squandered our family name on this dumb farm! Im going to start my own company! - John Ticketmaster, CEO of Ticketmaster
[Friend reading my eulogy] He was a true friend, and I think this slideshow I made really captures that [25 pictures of me about to sneeze]
"Wow! Did you see that? He released a dove from his hat!" Yeah I'm really impressed. It must be really hard to enslave a dumb peaceful bird.
The wife refused to become blood brothers with me, looks like I'll be drinking alone in the tree house once again. Women can be so immature.
One of the most serious factors to consider when driving in a snow storm is the deadly clear substance "Black Ice" also known as regular ice
Message to religious simpletons who think god lives in the clouds: Its called Occams Razor. God is the sun and the devil is clearly the moon
[inventor of nasal decongestant spray walks up to guy blowing his nose] Hey, stop blasting those boogers out, and start blasting them... IN!
you can tell you're a cool guy if any time you quit something, it's because it always sucked and you realized you were too cool for it.
When I visit a country where milk comes in bags, I get steaming mad and stomp the bags, then I spraypaint a big tetra pak on the town hall.
Yeah im a creep for getting lost in your babys captivating eyes. Its my fault that he has top notch eye genetics and a sexy smoldering stare
Me: Youre saying all these checks are mine?<br />Teller: Yes, theyre connected to your account<br />[scenes from Blank Check start playing in my head]
[snatches chew toy from dog] why are you chewing on this stupid toy dummy [chews on it] It sucks [starts chewing again, visibly enjoying it]
So embarrassing, went through an ordeal on lunch break and came back jaded and gruff, now co-workers are mocking my world-weary disposition.
What is this a poetry slam? Well guess what... expressing your feelings is bad shit! [everyone starts to angrily snap their fingers at me]
Im a vegan but Im not an asshole. Do I eat steak? obviously not, but am I gonna say no to a little ground beef on a Sunday? Maybe, maybe not
Your mother and first I met when Juicy J was rudely serenading her with misogynistic raps, and I cut him off with a chivalrous pickup line.
Got hustled. Guy came in acting all good at pool then he dominated me. In fact I think I just lost at pool, he probably wasnt even a hustler
[CIA operative clambers through my bedroom window] Saw you throw that trash away from across the room. VERY impressive. You want a job kid?
Hey how've you been? It's me, the guy who doesn't introduce himself by name. We met before but you got mad when I wouldn't tell you my name.
"Well you mighta heard I run with a dangerous crowd, we-" Whoa, let me stop you there Billy Joel. Thats actually not what I heard about you.
[talking to CEO of Kelloggs] I got the ad sir. There's a chef, and he wants to steal the cereal. This guy loves cereal but he can't make it.
Next on Mythbusters, weve all heard its hard to find a needle in a haystack; this week our intern confirms that its a major pain in the ass.
If you're a bigwig from a wealthy company, Ive got something to say to you: Shhhh... its ok. Dont be scared to sponsor me, I love you. Shhh
Glad I could come to your party. I barely even had to cancel any good business stuff. Just consider the time/money im losing my gift to you.
If you want to come out on top in a handshake, try to single out and grab one single finger, throwing your potential associate off guard.
bodybuilder: On a good day I can lift 550, 600 pounds.<br /><br />me, drinking a beer on the couch: doesn't sound like that good of a day to me dude.
Me: Id solo right now, but my riffs are so hot that it burns me if I dont play underwater<br />Hater: Good point actually, sorry I stepped to you
Legend has it that once every 500 years, a guy takes a bite of a banana and sort of gets what they were going for with banana flavored candy
[Army Recruiter, to high school teen] Oh that's what you're worried about? Bro we roll doobies all day long in the army. We love "rap beats"
Me: Can I get a cup of half tea half coffee?<br />Barista: Only the manager can do that and hes off. Youre welcome to try but i wouldn't risk it.
I love to explore abandoned buildings. Places people decided to never go again  cause they got all the good stuff. That's where I want to be
Alright that's it motherfuckers, no more mr. nice guy [rips off betassled nightcap] You're about to see my angry side [steps into mocassins]
A wizard approaches and offers to cast a luck spell for $20. Good deal right? Wrong! The wizard is likely a scam artist, not a true sorcerer
The journey of a thousand miles begins with the first step. You could also begin it with a cartwheel or somersault if you want to be a dick.
[boxer being interviewed] Actually I hate boxing. It really sucks getting hit out there. Im mostly just in it to spit into the blood bucket.
Businessman: Pardon, do you have a staple remover for my documents?<br />Me: Let me see that [rips corner off, staple included] Keep the change
[girl notices my twitter block list] Oh that? That's just the list of guys who I get mad when they talk to me. I hide my tweets from them.
Go ahead keep making me cry, you're just helping me wash out my eyes extra well with tears. I had a piece of dust in them anyway so thanks.
"Seeing America through the eyes of a space alien is truly mindblowing to us. It changes everything" - Reviewers when my sci fi novel debuts
Inventor of Jerky: Not to worry guys. I left the meat behind that cabinet intentionally. to uh, preserve it. It's better dried out, trust me
[to restaurant manager] I leaned back in your chair to impress my date, and It fell backwards and knocked the table over. Your chair sucks.
Reporter: Instead of making a fortress to protect you from haters saying you never saw scarface, why not just watch scarface?<br />Me: [silence]
[on cell phone, after big car accident] Yes... Honey... Check my twitter. See if the one about the snake wearing a party hat got any favs...
No man I'm all set, your menu is pretty weak. I can actually make all that stuff at home. My friend wants a turkey sub with bacon though.
No Im not saying I want the food, Im pretending to be my dog. Im saying HE wants it. its like a parody. I do actually want the food though.
Just made this paypal donation page cause I was bored. I had nothing better to do and I was just feeling random. You can donate if you want.
Comedy is my armor, and when I make a sad joke about my life, its like when a tough guy bangs on his helmet to show it doesnt hurt his head.
Dear college president, youre a sucker. I don't even go to the classes and you let me live here. You will find enclosed my check for 30 Gs.
People: You know there's no prize for disenfranchising and deprecating  yourself right?<br />Me: Oh I know. Probably wouldn't win it if there was
How come any time a guy is caught with illegal porn he has like 80 thousand pictures of it. Like dog whats wrong with just a couple hundred?
Girl: I dont know what it is, it just rubs me the wrong way.<br /> <br />Me: Fine, if you're gonna be rude. [unplugs omni-directional rubbing machine]
[talking to casio watch] This is Video watch spy guy reporting in, just want to tell NSA thanks for disguising my watch as a non-video watch
Well it's official. Due to brutal comedic satire of hippies, it's not cool to not own a TV. Youre an asshole if you have no TV, just get one
a study of 1st graders has found that many have boogers on their nose. scientists have already thought of 50+ good insults to burn them with
Not even mad dude, Im laughing about this funny shit. Cause thats all it is to me. [I send you a video of me angrily laughing at the camera]
My apocalypse survival kit:<br />- First aid kit<br />- Portable bed kit<br />- Water Purification kit<br />- Kit for getting free food in the woods<br />- Beer kit
I got sick of winning so many world championships so I secluded myself on this island [plane flies by and drops "Most secluded loner" award]
You're lucky Im wearing my lace gloves and bonnet today you bitch, otherwise Id be kickin your ass for talkin shit on my friends in Maroon 5
Hoity toity rich neighbors getting pissed off at my air raid siren that goes off whenever I scratch my ass (louder if its insde the pants)
Yeah I've seen the movie, I just forget what genre it was. I was the first guy they told about the movie, it was just so long ago I forgot.
Officer, im not sure what you think im trying to get away with but in my experience getting away with stuff is cool, so please let me do it.
If you want to be atheist its your call. Its kinda weird but if you want God to touch your butthole while you sleep thats none of my beeswax
You think I like having a pendant that grants me ultimate crystal power? You think it makes me look cool? Well I do and it does, youre right
Teenage business genius: The customer is NOT always right. I know more about the store. Im locking the door so dummy customers cant come in.
[puts finger to ear] Whats that? My cool spy headset will arrive in the mail in 4 days? [aside] sorry, just practicing for when it gets here
Oops, I commissioned painting that says "Love. Hope. Cream." I wanted it to say Dream. Cream is ok I guess but now everyone thinks I love it
The head of the CIA spends his whole day walking by people in the white house, tapping them on the shoulder, then watching them turn around.
No, we can't go inside. Not until you admit that my sneakers are like tank treads on the snowy ground of the park. Say I'm like a snow tank.
I love crust, but I eat all my sandwiches without it. Yet its all gonna be worth it when I retire and eat nothing but crust until I die.
Infomercial for liquor: Tired of water? [b&amp;w footage of me drinking shots of water, Im not relaxed and I look at the bottle in frustration]
I invented the plunger. I had the opportunity to do anything In the world, and I made a stick with a rubber cup on it to dip in the toilet.
"There's something about toilet humor that's intrinsically funny" I explain to the interviewer as I dip printouts of my tweets in the toilet
Military researchers have created a state of the art milkshake that tastes amazing, but they say the only way to get one is to join the Army
In a shocking speech, Obama banned having a handle or a paper sleeve on a coffee cup, saying to "stop being babies and touch the hot cup."
Studied politics at the best school in the country and Im losing the presidency to this guy just cause his name is Johnny Rockstar President
Next season on Ice Road Truckers, will the boys finally stop Rocky Asphalt, the dastardly tycoon threatening to pave over all the ice roads?
I live a life untethered from ropes, unbridled from any bridles or harnesses. I Iive freely, unburdened by any literal chains or manacles.
Military spends billions on research to find least gay name possible for new operation, and surprisingly its 'Operation Winterberry Sparkle"
[Man walks in his house, sees family and friends seated] Is this an intervention? [Greg Giraldo appears] No, its a roast you son of a bitch!
After a month of having a billboard up inviting people to chill with me, I have determined that people don't like chillin. It's a total myth
I love sunsets, theyre so beautiful. Its like all the bullshit of the world like trees, grass, etc. all get covered in cool, badass darkness
Its easy to sit there and come up with reasons why I shouldnt try to run over a fire hydrant with my van, I just prefer to think positively.
Humans once again come in second place in a race to see which species wants to have sex with dolphins the most, narrowly losing to dolphins.
Me, after flinging all the fresh water into space: Well, worse things have happened.<br />World leaders: Not this time. You fucked up for real.
Sorry Mr. President, I can't accept the job offer right now, I thought of a tweet and it could be the big one [hangs up, forgets the tweet]
Press in shock as 8 foot tall teen is accidentally elected president "We didn't think teens got that tall, we thought he just liked Sublime"
Supervisor: Lift with your legs! <br />Me: Fuck you man, I use my arms [shifts package over to 1 arm to flip him off, throws out back, collapses]
Yeah It makes sense that you would fail to get me a fathers day gift. Obviously being the father of the genre of Operatic Rap doesn't count.
[dragging cloth laboriously over sticky, fruit-scented table] Fuckin dumb bitch. Fuckin gonna tell me I cant clean a table with Gatorade...
Look buddy, there ain't enough room in this town for two mathematically themed AC/DC tribute bands, and Numberstruck are the kings forever.
Not sure whats worse about having feline leukemia, all these brutal cancer symptoms or having to knead stuff with my cute paws all the time.
Shut up dude, im not gay, I just read some good tips on pleasing a man in Cosmo and I wanted to see if they worked. Doesn't mean I'm a homo.
Anyone could make that, that's easy. *I make a half ass version to prove my point and it sucks a bunch* yeah but you get what I mean right?
Jim Carrey wishes everyone could be rich so they would see it doesnt solve their problems. I wish that too but for a way less shitty reason.
In this month's Cosmopolitan, 10 hot tips that will leave your man wondering what hit him [the article is a list of 10 vicious uppercuts]
You think its cool and good to get invited to the good cool guys convention? Sound like fun? Dumb kid. You dont know about this shitty world
People think its easy to live this greazy but theres actually a lot of logistics involved. Lots of cities have bylaws to inhibit greaziness.
I guess you guys didn't hear me. I said "I'm going for a dip" and then I dipped my chip in salsa. Get it? Here, watch, I'll do it once more.
and jesus came to where the men partied, and he took their big water jug away. Then verily, he came back two hours later with a jug of wine.
Oh, this is a grave tarot fortune indeed. You see the skeletons, and the two cups? This means the skeletons are going to drink from the cups
Many great artists aren't appreciated. Just look at the guy who drew the hip hop looney tunes shirts [I point at him, he looks up and waves]
Oh, my film is just "a stupid clip of a guy whose head is the sun wearing sunglasses"? So you think the sun, giver of all life, is stupid?
Underclothes for men are separated into two distinct categories: briefs, aka "tighty whities" and boxer shorts, also called "manhole covers"
1st letter from the Corinthians to St. Paul: "Fuck off paul. We do what we like. How would you like it if we sent you a letter, dick"
You think im scared of this spooky mausoleum? My teeth aren't chattering from fear, I'm just practicing to uhm, chew a lot of popcorn later.
This list of pros and cons is bullshit, its not helping. [The pros list just says "good shit, etc." and the cons list says "bad shit, etc."]
How did I become the world's biggest man? The answer is simple. I never stopped eating baby formula. Just kept growing bigger and stronger
Im kind of a lone wolf type. Watch out for me. Im the type of badass who brings a little baggie of cheerios in case I get hungry on the bus.
Next on CNN, we found the reason you get sad at work sometimes, it's this fuckin jerk over here [camera zooms in on me, I look up, confused]
"It's not the worst thing in the world but" Nope. Done. You said it. It's not the worst. This one's going in the vault. Winner. Im a winner.
Coconut Dreamscapes isn't just the name of the song I'm working on and my new homemade cologne recipe, it's also chapter five of my memoirs.
Yeah go ahead and keep telling me I have "fool's gold". You're just jealous. Soon it'll be "gold buyer guy's gold" and I'll be a rich fool.
We'd give you the first place trophy for the immaturity olympics but it seems like you've glued a big dick on it and nailed it to the floor.
Being on this medieval torture rack makes me long for the days that I'm on it, but I usually spring back to my normal height after a day.
If you don't pour anything out for your dead homies then they will abandon you to go hang out with cooler guys, leaving you to get haunted.
"You can never be too careful!" Fuck you buddy. Im going to go be too careful right now. We'll see how you like it when I'm completely safe.
Sick of "edgy" teen punks telling me that assuming makes an ass of u and me. You're just being vulgar and you're making an ass of yourself
Welcome to Hells Angels. We're pretty tough and we do things our own way. Like when we say "wakey wakey eggs and bakey" that means breakfast
[runs into pencil factory out of breathl] Guys I think this is a game changer. I made a new type of pencil, it's called number 2, like poop.
Ever take off your shoes without untying them? I invented that. Drank milk right from the carton? Me again. Held in a sneeze? You're welcome
On days like this I like to curl up with a good book. Just curl myself into a tight spiral like a fruit rollup, and a good book is there too
Great party Bill Gates. Cant believe we merged companies. Should probably unmerge tomorrow. I'm going to the stock market, you guys all set?
This bouncer job seems like a sweet gig. Would be a shame if your boss found out you stopped a guy with a cool dracula cape from getting in.
No you got it twisted. In the interview when I said I performed with Jay Z, I meant I performed a google search with Jay Z as the subject.
I alienated everyone making this medicine but its finally done. A pill that gives you a big round leathery head and tastes like a dirty ass.
Im kind of like a painter, only paper is my canvas and nice looking art with good colors and meaningful themes is my paint.
It's 2014. The only thing that's still preventing us from putting a tiny denim jacket on a pumpkin is that there's no arms for the sleeves.
Im as sad as the next guy about the rainforest creatures losing their habitat but if we stop now we're just admitting that the trees beat us
Keep your friends close and your enemies far away. Unless you're a rude piece of shit who wants to pick fights with his enemies all the time
In 3rd grade I thought I was a bad rapper, <br />cause the kids said my flows were wack <br />and my lyrics were sanctimonious<br />they said I was gay too
Nah man, that wasn't pink lemonade I spilled, that stuff's gay. It's uh, its just pee. I just peed my pants, was NOT drinking pink lemonade.
If you want a nice, cheap, flavorful meal that's easy to cook, try eating a big heaping bowl of cooked peppercorns with salt sprinkled on it
I was etching, and the etchant got on my hand. It made a gross yellow blotch, much like everyone said it would when they said to wear gloves
That tweet isn't much of a joke but it's really illustrative of how dumb and obstinate I am
Yeah, I got contact solution for you... its called get a pair of glasses, douche. Just playin, its in aisle 5. Thank you for shopping at CVS
Basically in life, I am a mitochondrion, my haters are enzymes, and my biology teacher is like a thick fog obscuring my knowledge of biology
You bring up some really good points, so I'm going to go chill out, pretend Im thinking about it, and then come back and admit you're right.
Thought process of horror movie protags when they hear child laughter: Nope. No way this kid is having that good of time. This is so fucked.
Fast food manager who thinks he knows his employees: Yeah Brian's a good guy, really loves making fries though. It's like,  get a hobby man.
Perks of being in the Wallflowers<br />- Dad is Bob Dylan<br />- money from 90s pop success<br />- sense of accomplishment from good car headlight metaphor
Oh you think we should let the good times roll? Wow, genius idea. I was gonna say stop them but your idea is way smarter and not obvious.
Yeah Ive plumbed the depths of the human mind. Thats the thing where theres too much poop in the toilet and you gotta use the plunger right?
Yeah I have a very cool job actually, I'm just off today. I'm the guy who has to kill all the criminals who are too hardcore for death row.
That guys crazy. Even us hardened convicts dont mess with him. They call him Deathrow Tull and you can mark him by his haunting flute melody
Oh that's just kid rock. He thinks hes eating a lobster dinner but we just feed him the bibs. He just likes the picture of the lobster on it
Yeah yeah fine I'll buy the crib but answer me this: Where's the cage bed for daddy? Daddy needs security when he slumbers. I could fall too
How many does it take to screw in a light bulb? you mean a bulb of garlic that doesn't weigh much? hahaha the joke's on you now motherfucker
I'm starting a kickstarter to raise funds  to replace all the bibles in hotel rooms with ones that say the Gideon family hates god and jesus
Some of my jokes didnt get many 'favs' or 'laughs'. This is because I made them in off hours so no one saw them. They're still very funny.
It's 2014, you need to be tolerant of cashew haters. You would hate premium nut flavor too if you were the biggest fuckhead in the universe.
I would never replace the word 'you' with the letter 'u', not even if it was the only way to make the tweet less than 140 characters and ac
Hello taco bell? Im sorry guys. I said that taco wrapper was my friends and that I hate tacos cause I was ashamed. I love tacos. Im so sorry
Actually I don't have to admit anything. I honestly don't see what's so funny about a truckload of manure crashing into my diaper factory.
Sorry I'm late, there was a group of haters and bullies on the road who were driving slow to stop me from getting in on time. Not my fault.
Amazing how the first ever guy to ever think of mixing lemonade and iced tea together happened to already be famous for something unrelated.
Explosion is based on the latin word, Extra Plosion, meaning "more plosion" or "very sick shit". It was later shortened to to sound cooler.
My haters: Yeah I said the hat is nice. We all like it. We never actually said we hated you, you just call us haters. We're your friends man
Corrections: In last weeks paper I said theres nothing gay about wearing a purple shirt. In actuality, there is ALMOST nothing gay about it.
Im developing a type of broadcast for listening on iPods. It will be called.... the Broad Pod. Amazed no one else thought of it honestly.
Any way you could sleep on the couch tonight hon? It's just the way Im laying with my arm all the way over here, I don't think there's room.
Are you kidding dude? There's no way we can watch my Pulp Fiction DVD tonight, I just got that thing waxed!
I'm gonna run a scam where I make all my money via shrewd stock investing but I live on a farm and spend it all on livestock and farm stuff.
"Oh Mike? He's just a farmer. Lots of cows and sheep and crops." I've never farmed anything in my life sucker. I'm inside investing all day.
Got really mad so I tried to make an omelette to calm down, but I got a bunch of egg shells in it in my rage and now Im getting even madder.
Today Im going to do a tutorial on making a humongous steel cube. First, take your ginormous steel ingot and walk it over to your cube press
There is no punishment harsh enough for such a foul crime [reads list of punishments] actually theres some pretty harsh stuff here. Hoo boy.
Life is like high school: sometimes you go to a high school for part of it. There's other parts of life too but that's just one example.
"If everybody jumped off a bridge would you do it?"<br />maybe if they actually jumped I would but I tell you what, I wont jump first next time.
If you would like to be informed of future offers or promotions, call Mike or send him a text. He'll let you know if he hears anything good
If you learn Latin, you have the key to all of the romance languages. You can also get the key from the romance sanctum at the language dome
Thanks grandma, dinner was wonderful, I always have such a nice time when you visit! Anyway, guess I'll see you in hell you crazy old bitch.
If you want to understand life, you just have to understand one thing in it. Like if you drop something and kick it by mistake? That's life.
Your bag of chips is crinkling too loudly and you feel self-conscious about the noise? That's life in a nutshell, more or less.
There's plenty of cream left in the whipped cream canister but you used up all the gas trying to get high? That's metaphorically your life.
I watched a guy try to make a plastic spoon into a fork using his multi-tool. He broke 4 spoons and went next door to wendys to get a fork.
NYPD sudden opinion squad! Get on the ground! Its suddenly illegal to have an opinion! The thing you always say to win arguments is true now
If stuff was actually crazy as often as people say "it's crazy" I feel like the world would be a lot more whimsical and cool than it is.
Im just sitting here watching the wheels go round and round<br />I got money from before<br />No longer need to work to get paid<br />I was in the beatles
It's great to find your passion in life. Then your complaints can start being so specialized that no one understands them, much less cares.
flies have multifaceted eyes, giving them kaleidoscope-like vision. This seems unintuitive, but it lets them eat a bunch of shit and garbage
This line is our stocks this quarter. Way down *plays descending slide whistle* and this one is if lightning hit the chart *lightning noise*
#ff @wash_cloth this guy should have like at least a thousand more followers, hes so tall funny and smart. what the hell guys.
Sorry I took so long to get over here. Rush hour, you know<br />"it's 2 in the afternoon dude"<br />Yeah, I pulled over to watch Rush Hour on my phone
Police have uncovered a medium sized bottle of pepsi in the cold storage unit of a local convenience store, estimated street value is $10.50
Can't believe we got almost all the way to the top of everest before being clotheslined and wet willied by a pair of rude jock sherpas.
Congress grudgingly agrees to legalize gay marriage, on the condition that after 5000 marriages they will push a blind man down the stairs.
No trust me dog. I like the king size because im the king. it was made special for me. you'd hate it, you're better off with regular size
Mike, please stop taking the sign for High St, we know its you because you're the only guy who thinks its funny. you have at least 3 by now.
My team spent 6 months building a cannon that fires a pumpkin at ~15mph. Doesn't seem that fast but for a pumpkin it actually is pretty fast
Mike, in my professional opinion it seems unlikely that you're channeling R Kelly, as you seem to only know the hook from the ignition remix
It's Adam and Eve, not Apple and Eve! Stupid juice company, probably didn't even read the bible before they started stealing ideas from it.
[watchmaker explains to me gear by gear how a watch works, I say 'thats obvious' after each and every one, then ask him how it works again]
[giving a visiting friend a tour of the city] One of my favorite parts of Boston, John Quincy Adams' house. He still lives there to this day
Samuel Adams was a great patriot, but I think what he will be most remembered for is living over 300 years and brewing a shitload of beer.
Ok hombre, this town is big enough for the 2 of us plus 2 friends each. So unless you want to share friends get ready to have just 2 friends
I wanted to be the first astronaut to petulantly refuse to get on the shuttle, but the boys at NASA spotted my bad attitude from a mile away
[Watching fire eater at circus] Sure fire tastes great, but is it good FOR you? [He stops immediately, his mind clearly having been blown]
Welcome to the keynote address. You remember the iPhone, how it blew your mind? Well check this: writing stuff on your hand to remember it.
Oh you thought I was HIDING in there? No no no no. Clearly you've never heard of chilling, which is the activity that I was actually doing.
Yeah as far as sex goes I'm mostly just into vanilla stuff. You know like pudding, cakes, cream frostings, vanilla bean scones, you name it.
My favorite exotic grains? I like Quinoa, Millet, Brody, Chaz and Germane. Wait sorry some of those are members of my book club, not grains
Keep your nose to the grindstone kid. If you keep taking it off you're never going to have a sharp enough nose beak to snare a mate.
New on HGTV, one man is growing the best azaleas in the neighborhood, but can he use them to "grow" in his career as a homicide detective?
Double whiskey, straight, two cherries, pineapple slice on the rim, plastic sword through the cherries, paper parasol, one olive on the side
They said I couldnt collect 2000 beer bottle caps unless I was a loser, but here I am 2000 beers later sitting next to a big ol pile of caps
I see lots of articles on the oldest person in the world, but they'e scared to report on who's the youngest. Probably cause they know Id win
"How would you like it if we were in cages instead of the animals?" dumb question. we have keys and we'd bring good shit in there with us.
The dumbest of the Greek philosophers, Johnny Etcetera, was known for always bringing extra shit with him and not specifically addressing it
I like the part of the song where you say happy birthday, I was happy at that part, but then you say I look like a monkey? What the fuck man
My mind is like a steel trap. Its sharp as a tack and quick as a whip *trips over whip, catching foot in steel trap and falling onto a tack*
Dear Eleanor, <br />FDR here *gets out of wheelchair* just joshing, you know Im confined to this chair for life. PS The astrisks indicate action.
running joke among mountain climbers: if someone asks you about a climb, pretend there was cool stuff at the top instead of just desolation
Computers are just zeros and ones, much like the number 101. Sometimes the zeros win, sometimes the ones, but it's all good computer stuff.
Hold on I just need to run out to my car real quick, I forgot that I need to get into it and drive home, ditching you here. So are we cool?
Quit trying to be some edgy iconoclast dude, its not "the royal we" it's "the king and I" its a very famous play that you bought tickets for
I love the beach but I hate the water and hot sun. In fact I have a better time if I just put sand in my socks and watch Cops on the couch.
Would be cool to see how they worded the rules in Air Bud so that dogs could play but girls couldn't
They weren't gonna let me on the dog basketball team until they saw me sink my teeth into that regulation pigskin. That thing popped so fast
Soap and linens? You could probably find that type of shit at Bed Bath &amp; Beyond, I wouldn't know though, I don't go to bed or take baths.
dont invite him, he yells over the party and asks the fellas to say one thing and the ladies to say another. Not up to saying hey oh tonight
Ever since I got into cactus farming I realize the only way to find happiness is to grow cactuses and hang out at my house. Its all you need
Actually Travis, this suit of 12th century armor wouldnt look better on your bedroom floor, it looks better in the display case, they all do
Look,  the rules are clear. You said Gordita Crunch three times in one transaction, you're the manager of this taco bell now like it or not.
You say it's just dry science stuff but ever since you started studying dark energy you've been manifesting a lot of creepy blood powers.
Me: Account Balance<br />Bank Phone Robot: Enter PIN. Your account is my favorite of all the accounts Mike.<br />Me [now in robot voice]: Thanks babe
[eulogizer at my funeral] What Mike taught us most of all, is that the label on a bottle isnt a cop, and it cant tell you what not to drink.
Everyone said I could learn the rules to chess but it's been 5 years and I still don't get how knights move. Now who looks like an idiot?
Don't let the door hit you in the ass if you live in a glass house, don't want to break that beautiful glass door worth your rock hard ass.
This museum is bullshit, I could make stuff this old if I had had more time earlier to do it. No one even told me they were making a museum.
My favorite historical figure is Dustin "The Wind" Impermanento, the traveling philosopher cowboy who teaches us of the transience of life.
Fuck capitalism. first of all the car booster seats make it so you cant reach the pedals, but your knees hit the steering wheel? Bad system.
Here we see the sewage treatment plant, where we give sewage the treatment it deserves [workers stomping on sewage, calling it names, etc]
They call me the tomato, because while Im technically a fruit, I have more to gain socially by pretending I'm not, so everyone lets it slide
I wish it were legal to live in the woods and eat off the ground. We'd be so much happier. [someone tells me it is legal] Oh... uh, good...
Scientists know how the egyptians built the pyramids, but they're still in the dark as to how the dinosaurs managed to make the grand canyon
It makes me sound childish admitting it, but the books at the adult bookstore aren't that much more compelling than the ones at the library
I'm prescribing you these Virtual Reality goggles. Your vision works ok but I feel it would be better used on cyborgs and battle scenarios.
If youve ever said or thought about saying "no more Mr nice guy"  you should consider that maybe you're not actually that nice of a guy.
I know its the same water but I really want it to go through the toilet before coming out the shower, for laughs. Can you make that happen?
The coolest royal custom is the annual god bless the grind tour where the queen shreds all the nastiest skate parks to prove she's still raw
I love good shit thats my fuckin problem<br />yeah I like to chill I got a fuckin problem<br />If good shit thats chill is your fuckin problem<br />Bring i
Well if playing guitar and singin about beers is illegal, then I guess you can call me an outlaw. Huh? Oh. Well can you still call me one?
You're gonna regret this. You feel fine now but soon you'll see the effects of me feeling bitterness about you. It's gonna catch up to you.
A couple of good ol boys dumped garbage in our water, leaving it brackish and undrinkable. Seems like a dick move but I guess they're good?
Watch as the hunter uses deception to catch a deer off guard [video of man pretending to eat poison berries, acting like theyre really good]
Your honor I contend that this man's brutal copying of my coffee order constitutes a hate crime, as he is known to be my number one hater.
Some think Caesar salad was invented by Julius Caesar, but thats only because I lied to them. Some think its Cesar Milan for the same reason
"rip up the carpet, might be nice hardwood flooring under there!" that's what you said. Well it was hot lava and now my son is dead. Thanks.
[In the midst of an espionage mission I throw a rock to distract a guard, but I quickly get distracted by the rock and run out into view]
"artisinal lettuce? what is that? if I hand-water my lawn is that artisanal?"<br />I don't know dude, are you asking if I want to eat your lawn?
I'm "out of touch" with today's vernacular? Hah. That's funny. Now If youll excuse me I'm going to go patronize or "pop patron in" the club.
How bad does an activity need to be for the group doing it to be a ring not a club. Can I have a parallel parking too far from the curb ring
No you admitted it yourself. There's no objective truth, therefore you have no grounds for saying that Young Dro was not featured in Ben Hur
Yeah dude I'm sure they have cups at the bar. I bet theres a bunch of cups back there, stup... Oh you do? I guess that makes sense actually
[giving TED talk] Look I know it, you know it, its obvious. Guys who make music are out. Guys who LISTEN to music are the wave of the future
[Mike's Tweets] is an ancient religious text, often referred to as "the greatest story ever told" - Encyclopedia article on [my tweets]
2007 was a great year for juice to go bad and 2014 is a great year for me to drink the juice. Mm, tastes like it used to be some grape juice
I don't care about money, I'm just getting it so that some capitalist big wig corporate fat cat doesn't get it. He'll have to buy it from me
[Me, reading index cards while giving speech]: Sorry guys, looks like whatever cool genius wrote these was too smart for me. Can't read em.
Allow me to answer your question with a question of my own: Does "shoved into my homemade spandex food pouch" count as for here or to go?
Sorry, cant make it into work today. I got uh... fake cancer. Sorry, real cancer. It's uh, fake butt cancer. I mean real colon cancer. fuck.
I'm not literally saying it's a bad egg, it's a metaphor. Like you know how eggs can be either good or bad? This thing is bad like a bad egg
Hitler was such a piece of shit. If I had my druthers I'd go back in time and like, not let him into my lane in heavy traffic or something.
I'm sorry I'm being so weird, it's just they were out of avocado at the sandwich place and It threw me into a spiral of rage and confusion.
Do I have a cocktail shaker? Buddy you're lookin at him [shakes daiquiri violently,spilling it all over the countertop]
I'll just write these feelings down and use them later for a funny tweet... [I look later and all I wrote is 'me = bad feelings/funny tweet'
*jumps last two stairs, lands in james bond pose, then quickly puts hands in pockets* sorry false alarm, thought I had to do some 007 shit.
I'm not trolling because Im mad, I just want these nerds to realize that life is a bullshit gauntlet of pain and suffering and inner sadness
Sorry if I'm the only one here who broke the tip off his pen. Im surprised actually, its a pretty common thing. Anyway do you have an extra?
That guy's a real guy in sheep's clothing if you know what I mean. He owns a lot of sheep outfits and he's not shy about wearing them either
Shut up old man, stop teaching me stupid guitar scales, I want to learn the cool way, like this [I show him clips from School of Rock] see?
Nothing more infuriating than when I'm sitting down to watch the game, and my evil nemesis wife shoots me with an ultimate infuriation beam.
Me, at candlelit dinner: It's dark over here, pass me the candle<br />Girl: Hold on I can't see without it, im using it to find my coat to leave.
I appreciate that you made me a gift, but you're misrepresenting how hard it is to put a twist tie on a rock from the garden. It seems easy.
Here man, take my card, give me a call [hands you a business card that says"I have way more of these cards than you, call if you want more"]
Wow kid. I bet you think it's sooo cute that you made me a cup of "coffee". Well this isn't coffee, it's dirt and water and it's super wack.
I'm making a clock out of cherry, this is the frint so far. nothing is glued on, it's all out of a solid board http://t.co/HZZnZ3sj8p
Here is a box made of ebony and lacewood, very fancy stuff. Ebony is very brittle and I hate carving it. http://t.co/eUG4gxYYTN
If I ever have a friend with chest acne and I want to bully him, I'll call him Kenny Chestne. Until then it's staying in the ol' back pocket
Officer: have you had anything to drink?<br />Me: not much my man. just a cold glass of pee pee.<br />Officer: Ah yeah, thats the good shit. Pound it.
Greetings, my friends. If you are watching this, it means that the red button is the one you hit to start recording. It also means I'm dead.
It's been a heated debate so far, with neither side bringing up any good points. We're going to turn off the heat and see if that helps any.
Discouraged and distraught, the chemist turned to drink. Twas an easy feat, for as any chemist knows, the human body is already 70% water...
Actually motherfucker, theres no difference between irony and sincerity, so you actually do think my shirt is nice, so thanks I think so too
Sorry Im so early, I totally overslept last night. Forgot to stay up and waste a shitload of time and i fell asleep at 9. I didn't even j/o.
Whoa whoa whoa, I never said I wasnt racist. When I said I don't see races I meant I don't attend track and field events. Too many coloreds.
Doc  you gotta help me! I can't express myself outside of a cool harmonica blues jam. I keep getting laid and selling albums all the time.
I guess I was supposed to psychically know that I'd be drunk at the butterfly sanctuary if I drank on the way there. Sorry I'm  not psychic.
[Crowd jeering as I try to use a self check out] Wrong! nice try douche, get the manager in here to kick this kids ass. Give him the chair!
Oh yeah I completely agree man. Worst book I ever read. Up top. You thought... Oh no, when I said I liked it I meant like, as toilet paper
No problem officer, I was just holding the door closed for this old lady. If anyone needs help its her. Seems like she needs to hit the gym.
Dear food pantry, I have yet to receive a thank you for the eggs I donated. Eggs are a staple food. Eggs rock the house you little shits.
No man baseball is my jam. I love it. Somebody must be putting sleeping pills in my beer, cause baseball wouldn't put me to sleep like this.
This just in, News is some sweet shit, newscasters are expected to get blown in record numbers once word gets out about their handsomeness.
Anyone can see the road that we walk on is paved in gold<br />this song by fastball can never get old<br />never get boring<br />listen to Fastball all day
Dang, got caught in a recliner again. I wish my homies would just check to see if Im crawlin around down there before they put their feet up
You know how even the best joke sounds dumb after you explain it? Thats because jokes are actually all dumb. Its not the explanation's fault
Nah it's cool, I have time to smoke a J right now. I'll just make up for it by speeding through every yellow light for the rest of my life.
Henchman: Sorry boss, We couldn't get no weed. Your dealer's in summer school<br />[Teen crime lord spins around in chair, flicks bic menacingly]
I fel the sad parts of the movie were very meaningful. they made me feel sad in my own head, which to me, was even more meaningful in a way.
Let me stop you right there, we in the scientific community call it a brain, not a "thinkpiece", and you didn't "write" it, we all have one.
Dance like no one's watching? Ok... [loudly, still seated] Man, Im dancin a lot in here *sips beer* Hoo! gettin tired from all this dancing!
Alright honey, if it means that much to you I'll buy the bed of nails, but you better not fuck me on this.
It's simple. You don't fuck with another man's shit. But often, you should fuck with it, and it's cool to do. But in general, don't. Simple.
[trapped under rock, yelling for help for hours, hot babe walks by] No I was saying... fleas help me. me and the fleas got this one covered.
[To self, after giving dollar to homeless man] Nice. Alright. Good stuff. Just bought myself one extra minute of guilt free hot shower time.
Friend after sharing a fun experience with me: that was fun. Life is surely some good shit<br />Me: I mean not necessarily. Lets think about this
Being buried alive is my second biggest fear, but that's really only cause it usually leads to my biggest fear, which is being buried dead.
"Thought I'd become an adult in this life but I guess I'm never growing up. It never happened for me." - a bunch of literal children, age19
As a kid I was mesmerized by Houdini. I admired his feats of escape, and I would emulate him by escaping from my chores and responsibilities
I send bad burger suggestions to the McDonalds Twitter. I dont laugh at them and they dont care, so it's pretty funny stuff. Very high level
I dont engage in celebrity gossip. I dont like taking about my close personal friends (The Rock, Dr Dre, Whoopi Goldberg) behind their backs
I want to ask this guy what hes doing but I need to think of a way to ask so he'll think I already know. Maybe If I ask HOW hes doing it...
Oh you fucked up kid *zips off pant legs* thought you could talk trash on my goldfish? In fishing season? *zips pant legs onto shirtsleeves*
Guy: hey, do you have a magic marker?<br />Me: uhh no *sneakily drops marker down sleeve* why, what have you heard? magic isn't real dude. Idiot.
Let me stop you there *backs up truck full of angle iron, sheet glass a quarter and a phone* build a payphone and call someone who cares pal
Atlantis was once a powerful society of stupid water loving greek nerds, but they were chased into the sea by the gay macho wrestler elite.
Corrections: Last week we ran an obituary for Mike F; he is not dead yet. We're gonna get him this week though. Watch out you piece of shit.
My phone has shockproof glass bitches *drops phone, screen shatters, shard flies into my eye* nice, just got a free contract lens on purpose
Asshole coughdrop company trying to say I "stole" their slogan. I've been saying 'Riiiiicolaaaa' about my lemonade stand for years, jerks.
there are no right or wrong answers, I don't have some book with all the info. We're all just fuckin around in here. I accept cash or check.
[rolls up to country club in ferrari] Sup guys, finally got one.<br />club members: Uhh, we hate ferraris now. We traded ours in for used hondas.
Work in progress, I got the brass etchings fit to their respective cavities. Bet you didn't think I was a metalworker http://t.co/7FRsOx8BmW
other guy: Wow, you probably think im an idiot now huh?<br />me: fuck how did he know. shit, shouldnt have thought it so hard... Uhh, no I don't?
"Hmm, I wonder if I could break this if I tried. Probably not, but I don't want to get in trouble if I do" - me approximately 35 times a day
[angrily writes list of each time I was wronged today] fuckin jerks [stomps over to file cabinet, files it under J for Jerk] fuck outta here
Wow, 'Riveting' car talk fellas! Anyway, speaking of suspensions, who else had their suspension of disbelief ruined by jar jar in Star Wars?
If I was a cop I would make a mixtape of songs like Copkiller and Fuck the Police and just drive around getting madder and madder all day.
put two slices of banana in the microwave one inch apart. Heat it for two minutes for a sweet surprise: two surprisingly hot banana slices
Yeah whatever kid, run back to your little facebook. If you need me I'll be on AdultFriendFinder, networking with actual professional adults
if you get angry about small stuff youre a dick, but if youre enough of a dick, everything is small stuff. Its like living on a razor's edge
kid who overshoots his brags: Yeah my uncle works at nintendo. I got him the job. Im pretty popular over there ever since I invented Mario.
John Slinky runs out to tell everyone they wont have to climb stairs anymore, then realizes his invention doesnt mean that and goes back in
its cool, I got a security system with 24/7 video surveillance [opens video stream of a foyer with chinese finger traps strewn on the floor]
My sexual fetish is sex words with double meanings. Like a baby chicken next to two big door knockers? Sexiest thing in the world to me.
inventor of the pen writing down invention ideas when his quill breaks: Oh just thought of another one. How about not writing with feathers.
can you have some of my macaroni? of course dude, whats mine is yours, as long as it fits in one scoop, costs 79¢ and has cheese sauce on it
yeah have a look around, just dont check under the blanket there<br />Cop: you sure? Looks suspicious<br />Yeah its cool<br />Cop: whatever you say man...
I'm putting a set of clues in my will to lead my family on a crazy adventure, and at the end theres just gonna be a $25 home depot gift card
police also found a small bag of weed weighing 95 lbs. Some would call it a large bag but to me, the coolest reporter alive, its no big deal
Nah man I fell down the stairs on purpose, I wanted to see if I could save some time. Seems like maybe I can, but I gotta crunch the numbers
20s gangster whos not as ruthless as he thinks he is: Yeah see here pal! I ran into your mother the other day and I cussed her out good see?
sometimes I just feel this inner torment, that I can only soothe by making oblique imparsible sentences into freeform verses in an anthology
Hey jerk just cause Im struggling to carry one bag of jumbo marshmallows doesnt mean I cant open the door. Although coincidentally I cannot.
I got into tattoo removal cause I thought i was buying a super powerful laser pointer to light my weed. now I remove tats to try and recoup.
[standing over spilled milkshake in parking lot] Not to worry fellas, I'll call my blind friend. His seeing eye dog'll eat this right up.
we normally don't give motorcycle licenses if you fail the test, but those jams playing in your car were truly sick. Heres one license on me
Do you want me to keep smokin you with insults or should I go back to rippin fat stogies? Cause I'm smoking in this bed one way or the other
Wasnt me, it was my friend here. My enemy I mean. Hes the one I was doing the crime with. I mean TO. Wait sorry, I meant NOT doing the crime
Sure Mr Hawking, time IS space. Two sides of a coin. But if time is money that means space is full of cash, and I plan on getting some of it
guys spend thousands on pumpkin cannons while people starve who could just eat the pumpkins. At least they get the pumpkins really far away.
I started paying a lot more attention  to numerology when I saw how Jim Carrey used it in a movie to stop himself from getting roles anymore
"Mike, isnt it true that youve been trying to watch Jumanji on DVD?"<br />Yeah its got some scratches. Heres a clip of me yelling at a DVD player
Dear monks,  living in the woods for 40 years seems cool, but try just eating acid two times. its exactly the same in terms of enlightenment
You didn't let me finish. I was going to go on to say "No homo... is going to stop me from being the biggest homo on earth." Which I am.
Soap is good to clean your hands after touching dirty cans -  good mnemonic device. If you dont touch dirty cans just ignore the second line
I hate driving during Rush hour. The cars and noises are constantly distracting me from Neil's virtuosic drumming.
People have been calling me "shit man" and "toilet dude" for years, I just figured if I became a plumber people would think it was my idea.
I invented a lot of shit but all anyone talks about is the wheel. I also thought of doing stuff really poorly out of spite  when youre mad
I can't help if you won't let me. Sorry I've had emergency hairwashing appointments the last few times but maybe you need to schedule better
Ok, pour batter in pan. Done. Cool. Bake at 350 mph? Sounds dangerous but ok... *puts on aviator hat* hmm. wait, they might mean degrees....
Sorry dude I dont hate your model caboose, its badass. I was angry at myself for accidentally canceling my Model Trains Monthly subscription
"After these commercials, we're going to take you to this small town's best kept secret" no you're not. that's not what "kept secret" means.
I'm sorry babe I thought that was incense. I guess now, in hindsight, its obvious that it was a bamboo skewer I used to poke a turd earlier.
Ah, tis a pity that fools are so confident, while truly cool geniuses are filled with doubts. Im the type with doubts by the way. obviously.
Theres a lot of reasons cardboard shoes are better than no shoes. theres more for regular shoes obviously but this isnt a regular shoe store
I see all these hipsters pretending they hate life. It feels good to be one of the few who actually hates life for real. I mean it feels bad
Hate getting papercuts? [b&amp;w footage of you getting a papercut] Then stop doing it asshole [color footage of guy flipping you off, scowling]
Take for instance, the humble yet noble fiddler crab. he is humble because he is so tiny, but yet look! I've put a tiny sceptre in his claw!
[after trying to lift refrigerator in the store] I'm all set. I dont want an unliftable fridge. If I can't move it I doubt you clowns can.
Ok you got me, I admit it. Im not the Don of the Mafia, I've just been going to a patchwork quilting class. Im sort of the Don of it.
it seems like cancer patients tend to be very strong and positive people. That's why Im such a jerk. Not trying to get cancer over here haha
Give a man a fish, he will thank you. Give a man fish every day and he will eventually get rude about it and ask whats up with all the fish.
That's incredible. I would do anything to have that kind of talent, to have the skills you have. I mean ANYTHING, even if it takes all day.
Sorry if you feel my actions hurt you. They're incredibly cool, and sometimes people can interpret their admiration for my coolness as pain.
The easiest way to look cool and smart is to feign a total lack of understanding of coffee beverages and the various ways you can order them
I was voted class clown in high school, I'll show you the yearbook. [Opens yearbook and it's revealed that I was actually voted 'Ass Clown']
Hello New York! Are you ready to rock?! cause I brought the glove tonight! [slips on big foam #1 hand, crowd goes wild] NYC loves the glove!
Nothing special here. This is how I always arrange many tools before performing a demon ritual to get carving powers. http://t.co/x39Yi09E3B
Here, I'll check your gift card balance for you. [throws card like a shuriken and it lands on the floor 20 feet away] It's not very balanced
Look, Im just like the rest of you. I put my pants on by stepping into them with both legs and walking around the room while pulling them up
My friend died on the scuba expedition. I probably could have saved him but I wasn't about to sink to his level. That's just not who I am.
No dude I didn't break your bong, watch the footage [its the zapruder tape only I crudely edited in a huge bong where Kennedy was sitting]
Sucks when I do a drift on my ATV and whip out the 'nade launcher but the deer sees me and runs. That's why I'm getting my ATV camouflaged.
Im a big nerd about vintage money. I know it sounds dumb but if you have any bills or coins (USD) more than 15 years old just send em my way
Ok Valentine's Day was one thing but I think the greeting card companies have gone too far with Who Can Give the Most Greeting Cards Day.
Nice painting man. I like how you're using the uh, the canvas. What is that, red paint? Yeah my dad used to have some red paint. Cool, cool
Any person with half a brain will tell you that the only way to be cool is to cut off half of your brain, but don't believe the hype.
Oh, I can't get into any cool clubs? Wrong once again, jackass. Ever heard of Sam's Club? Or the starbucks rewards card? Thats a club right?
Everybody thinks Im cool cause I skateboard to work, they dont know I actually just walk on the ground below the board, flinstones-car style
Im in a band, we mostly play churches. We do gospel style chants but we say cool stuff about the devil instead. Dont tell the priests though
My biggest flaw? I'm such a workaholic. I don't drink much at home but at work? its party time. Workaholism is when you drink at work right?
You know Toxic, by Britney Spears? I wrote it. Not to the extent britney did but I helped out by sending toxic vibes from my rude child mind
Hey listen bitch, when I said your peach cobbler was wonderful, I only meant that it made me Wonder where you got such shitty ass peaches.
Barkeep! I'll take one scotch on the clock. First I need you to give me a job here, then once Im getting paid, I want you to pour me a drink
Am I a true Daredevil? You tell me. [plays video montage of me yanking on vacuum cords to unplug them instead of walking over to the outlet]
Where do I see myself in 5 years? I dont know, maybe the Future-torium? Or a magic crystal ball? Or maybe I cant see the future at all, dick
Opinions are like assholes: I have hundreds of them, constantly shifting in their ways, and I frequently get poor reviews upon their display
If you think I'll only be there for you when youre happy, think again. Im also willing to hang out if youre asleep or busy reading or eating
In the southern hemisphere, toilets flush the opposite way. Our poops travel through earth and come out there and they have to clean it up.
Here at HBO, we bring the box office into your very home, forcing you to pay for movies before you watch them, just like at the theater.
Here's your m- [sneezes out huge booger] your meal, sir<br />"But you just sneezed on i-"<br />That's on the house my dude<br />"but that's gr-"<br />Shhhhhhhhh
[Walks down street, noting store names] youngsters of the future are gonna respect me so much when I tell them what stores used to be where.
Ad on Tv: the wine glass on the bed doesnt spill, even with someone jumping next to it<br />Me: Neat. I thought I was the only one that did that.
You seriously think that? Dumbass. Don't know why I even married y... Oh my bad, I thought you were saying theres no toilet paper ANYWHERE.
lets play spin the bottle. whoever it lands on has to tell you about their cool dream *puts bottle down facing me* Guess its my turn! So I w
Hey hot stuff. Saw you playing along to that drum solo by slapping your thighs. Was just wondering if I could maybe suck your dick some time
Think I figured out why they call this guy 'Obama'<br />Political Analyst: Its because its his name, but go on<br />Oh, uh, yeah that was my guess too
Guys who work in offices love the movie office space. Ha yeah, our lives suck.  Im like the guy with the stapler only I never get my revenge
Wow, coffee in a little paper cup? and theres packets of sugar you can put in there? Only in America haha. This country is bonkers, I swear.
Anyone who cant afford medical insurance is encouraged to come to my house, where I will do medical stuff. Im no doctor but I'll do my best.
Workin on a murder investigation. So far I have a length of yarn connecting a picture of the victim to this picture of a gun I printed out.
Me, as a rock producer: Great take. Now do one with more yeahs and nos between lines. Gets the listener pumped, lets em know where you stand
autopsy dr: It seems Mike had a rare mutation giving him cheetahlike blazing speed. He never found out cause he never tried to run that fast
My greatest weakness? Sometimes I try so hard to not give guys in wheelchairs special treatment that I'm actually just being a dick to them.
God, Ive done a major sin. I let some cool jocks ash into my grandmas cremation urn cause I was too scared to tell them it wasnt an ash tray
Sorry, I tried to call you back but I couldn't. Somebody must have jammed my signal. I tried to boost it but it was jammed up pretty good.
It says here in Mike's will that he is invoking full backsies on all trades he made in his life; rescinded items are to be buried with him.
If you want a vision of my cool ass foot wear from here on out, imagine a human foot, wearing a cowboy boot with flames on the side, forever
Somebody better tell these young upstart clowns to start acting their shoe size, not their age.
St Peter: I dont know about these rap mixtapes Mike. You think misogyny is cool? Have fun in hell<br />Me: Nooo... I just liked the beats... Ahhh
Hey honey, I'm home. I bought a whole shitload of big expensive rubies for you on the way but I accidentally dropped them in a storm drain.
Oh, the bread I baked for you tastes like a sponge? I'll go eat the sponge from the sink and see if you're right. Would that make you happy?
Singer in the future: <br />In 3rd grade I thought Macklemore was gay<br />His songs made me never want to be a rapper<br />thats why I sing instead of rap
Well, we finally listened to the hippies and moved to the woods, and you know what? The woods aren't as relaxing when everyone is in them.
This week in potato chip news, Mike totally crushed the lays flavor competition with vodka spruce doritos flavor, now it's all anyone makes.
I was hired to write the sequel to Face/Off. So far I have one scene, where the scientist is like "Wait, what if we cut his face off... too"
Why did my chicken restaurant fail? Was it the breading made of paper? Only opening from 2-4 AM? The extra bones in the chicken? Who can say
Its cool when people say something is the exception that proves the rule, when its actually just a fact that disproves it
It's best to let sleeping dogs lie. Wouldn't want to wake that little guy up and play with him. Chilling with a dog would be a major bummer.
You know the difference between me and you? When you drop your toothbrush in the toilet, you buy a new toothbrush. I buy a whole new toilet.
It sucks that I dont test well. I have all this knowledge but I can only use it if I'm alone and there's no camera and I can't write it down
The ONLY reason my speech wasnt on the best acceptance speech list is I made it while getting kicked out of a library and never won an award
Ah, but thats how its always been. Nothing is truly free in this world - Me, after finding out that the candy by the cash register isnt free
Philosopher: True. But can you prove that you're happy to my consciousness? Is it not irrefutable that we are all sad like me all the time?
Oh the rain cloud convention is in town? I suppose I might... Drop by... - Cool line I would say if I were in the meteorology community
Im mad that my haters caught me in a tiger trap but I guess in retrospect I should've known those leaves couldnt support the weight of a man
My first, main regret is that I have but one life to give for my country. My second biggest regret is that I am giving it for said country.
Mike passed away this morning. A rude service will be held by his enemies and detractors to scour and conceal any legacy he might have left.
I work here as a scapegoat<br />Coworker :Yo theres TP all over the bathroom, what the fuck!<br />Sorry boss! Another big toilet fuckup by yours truly
Been in an accident? You have a lot of accidents? Are you a fan of claiming whats yours? Want money? Call me at my office, I have a shitload
If you get this mad when the vacuum spits cracker crumbs back out on the floor, I'm glad you werent around when I spit them there originally
no, it's fine if you dont want to trade lunches. By the way, my coffee is a little hot, can I chill it using the icy coldness of your heart?
Fuck you dude, you do this every time we eat lunch. You act surprised about every little thing and then do gross spit takes onto my plate.
And what rough homie, his hour come round at last, <br />Slouches towards my Chevy Cavalier to blaze up?
If you never make mistakes then you never learn anything. Like for example one thing you don't learn is that life is really bad sometimes.
[sees guy exit hair salon with nice haircut, looking happy] Excuse me? I'll take two of what that guy got. Whatever it costs I'll pay double
If you want to find out whos cool at the public pool, just throw some soup mix in the mix and watch, as only true bros will savor the flavor
Fuck you Greg, I'm sick of waving this giant fern to cool you off. You manage a Wendys and you pay me $4.00 an hour. Wackest job I ever had.
You've received an evite to my party. We expect you to be electronically in attendance via skype. If you come in person we'll kick your ass.
Normal baby, with the legs of a lady, seamstress for the band<br />babys torso, adult legs, as tall as a full grown man<br />Hold me closer Lady Baby
Wait read that keg party invitation again as an acrostic. I knew it. Gerald is trying to trick is into coming to another beat poetry reading
Oh you think youre just gonna wave that censer around and chant? Over my dead body - Me jokin around before being ritualistically sacrificed
After a day of hard work I just need a beer. I mostly sit at work but I spend a lot of time dealing with my bad attitude and it tires me out
Look, I'm sorry babe but if you can't palm a basketball and dunk on me consistently, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
before you talk shit on phones you should know my phone is a little box with my friends in it. Youre picking a fight with all my friends
Well Mike, you made some OK points in your dissertation, but that's sort of negated by the fact that you said 'Kobe' after every one of them
I proved breaking mirrors is bad luck when no one respected my mirror breaking study, or the other good ideas I had for 7 years following it
Id love to, but I have this disease where I cant go to guitar recitals. It's called strep throat with a side of not going to shitty recitals
Please #ff my boys @sickpal @respected_loner @wash_cloth and @jejerepy , they are extremely cool and I love them
The first lesson today is that lying is great and it works. The second lesson is despite what my poster said, there are no free drinks here.
The rap game is so fucked these days, too many real dudes out there. Wait til a guy who never says what he means gets his hands on the mic.
Im mostly done carving this sun flower http://t.co/nEXLIP0MoR
Fix my brakelight? What about the other one I just smashed? That too? Should I also clean my pee off the side? You're gettin owned officer.
I never said I didn't kill the lion with a chef's knife, all I'm mad about is that the zoo staff are all acting like it wasn't sweet as hell
I said I wasn't a cop, never said I wasn't two cops! *2 kids in cop outfits step out of a large trenchcoat* party's over fellas, wrap it up
Youre gonna get on the highway on ramp, once you hit ~55mph, get on the brake HARD cause my driveway is right there. Careful not to get hit!
If you are just following me out of politeness: Thank you, please keep doing it. It would crush me if you left. Not joking at all. Love you.
Don't get a butler dude, it's a total scam. They hide your food under weird domes and they don't listen to you unless you use a posh accent.
Mike, your essay wasn't bad, but the word I used in the prompt was farcical, not "fartsicle". I don't think those are real, but good try.
Oh sorry should I stop throwing rocks at your dig site? I thought you guys liked shitty old rocks, I guess you only like the ones down there
Age is just a number where if it's low enough you're allowed to get rowdy and yell and shit yourself in auditoriums.
That year there were locusts, great black gobs of them dying in their thousands, layered on the river and in my lambo I got from prose sales
Finally alone, now I can just eat this soup straight out of the can... <br />Chris Hansen: not so fast. Chris Hansen, dateline nbc, have a seat.
A wise man said "learn to love hell, you will be in heaven". He was all like "Oh hell's not so bad from up here haha! Its no heaven though"
Yeah babe it was crazy. None of em could get the gummy worm in half, so I walk over and bite it apart for them and they all started cheering
The choir sample for this track was recorded at the church Sammy Hagar goes to. The priest there has a guitar with a cigarette holder on it
I'm about to start posting some pictures of my older work on here. Here's a nightstand I made with maple and walnut http://t.co/eghXLNp2q8
Here's a toolbox that I keep my tools in. it's made of jatoba and poplar with ebony, maple and palmwood veneers http://t.co/gYd60hjYRr
Here's a table I made based on a regency period design by duncan phyfe http://t.co/JfBUu5Ha4k
this is a box on a stand, its made of cherry, padauk and rosewood. its got secret drawers and compartments all in it http://t.co/hqwEvoMLvA
This is a low quality picture of a box I made with the cutoffs from that box on stand. It's got little feet! http://t.co/vzDHwsUcX1
This is a table with some drawers in it. I did some carving and some veneering on it to make it look nice http://t.co/mDuqey7Z0H
and the only other picture I have right now is this little box. It belongs to my mom and it holds tea. http://t.co/vJL155Iyr0
Crazy. They made a law where anyone who listens to obscure music instead of top 40 hits has to eat dirt instead of food. Crazy good that is.
Dear kids trying to prank me by putting stink bombs in my mailbox: you're wasting your time. I love the smell. It's like sandalwood to me.
It says on the base this piece is by Michelangelo, but according to a more recent inscription, it's actually by my boy Chad. What up Chad.
I made a spout you can use to turn a mason jar into a drinking glass. It's designed to make people who already drink out of them feel bad.
I've heard mixed things, could be good, could be bad, might be just OK. Probably one of those things where some people like it and some dont
Actually mom,  fruity pebbles is a cereal, what this is is you calling me a fruit, laughing at me and making me eat a bowl of little rocks.
[loudly, in guitar store after fucking up a blues song really bad] This guitar is clearly not designed with the blues in mind! Not my fault!
The coolest spelling mistake you can make is if youre talking about watching a sad movie and you say that you were ballin instead of bawling
[man being interviewed] It's hard to describe how I felt watching Criss Angel flying around up there. He sort of freaked me out, in my mind.
Order some pizza? Nobody fucking likes pizza dude. The shit su- Oh pardon me. Didn't realize this was the god damn pizza fan club. EXCUSE me
Ghosts are real, they are made up of extreme quantum shit that happens when you disrespect the dead or spend the night in a dead man's house
Ooooh Im a Ghooost... I came back to kick your ass for saying I was a piece of dust on the lens... I totally floated through that guys house
Note to self: bet you probably forgot some cool shit from earlier by now. Well you'll get no help from me, future jerk Mike. Fuck off hahaha
Do you know why I pulled you over? No? Well You were smoking that fatty in the passing lane, and you failed to pass that good kush to me.
I run a McDonalds with my partner Dave. I handle the burger making and assembly, and he handles the management and ownership side of things.
You HAVE to come, it's basically the Daytona 500 of semiprofessional hackeysack. It's held every year in the parking lot at the Daytona 500.
my job is to basically try to build a pyramid with these sticks. I don't think its possible but they enjoy watching me fumble around with em
Why do they call it a FAST lane if everyone goes so slow? Why are they called MOUSE traps if I get my finger caught in em all the time? Wh-
Ah dude lets not go to that guy's party, he always sets up a booby trap to dump boiling oil on his guests and it burns my face really badly.
Every member of Hootie and the Blowfish thinks they're Hootie, but in reality only the singer is Hootie, the rest are merely humble blowfish
Learn how you can make over $8,000 a month weaving smutty tapestries on a loom, and then tell me cause Im working at a severe loss right now
I guess in a way I compensate for my lack of stable relationships by buying stable things. Gyroscopes, stanchions, ankleweights, you name it
yo pull over at that playground... Hey! Tyler! Whats up you little fucker! Could you get less air on that swing? You fuckin chief chodes kid
The army made the hummer available so I could use it to defend myself from jerks, but then all my enemies got them and I couldn't afford one
A late entry to the hot dog eating contest, It's Mike with a dump truck full of hot dog wrappers, and we have to assume he ate all the dogs.
Oh so it's incredible that a man could conquer Everest by just going to the top but when I conquer the mighty Mississippi its just swimming?
I wont buy bread for less than $40. I have a guy, goes by Johnny Wonderbread and he makes a great loaf. I havent been to the store in years.
Oh baby is that the deluxe set? Hachi Machi, can I get your number, stud? Most guys don't buy that many beads... - Cashier at the bead store
Youre an idiot if you believe Kennedy was killed by Oswald acting alone. I clearly helped him make that shot, it's one of my signature moves
Someone who is severely lowering their standards: I'd eat a bug for $100.<br />Me: I'll eat the bug that guy's having plus 2 more for like $18.50
people used to see a scary creature and get scared and say it was a devil. They still do that, but with pictures and a thin veneer of irony.
This is my most controversial work. People like the nun, they're down with her, but they're offended that I painted her wearing a gas mask.
[walking out of history class, muttering] Psssht. Dumbass. Why do you need a terracotta army. What are you gonna make a lasagna down there?
If you get writers block just stick your head out the window, yell whatever the message of your book was going to be, and then give up on it
"Do not use as a trash can"? Well I'm no trash can, so I guess I'm good to start huckin garbage in this here vase then huh?
Im kind of like the Def Leppard of twitter. I am to twitter what def leppard is to twitter, more or less, in terms of quality of content.
Tupac didnt die, a cool guy told him rap was corrupted by materialism and he vowed to go into hiding until good early 90s shit was restored.
Lets look at the facts: Bush was in office, I had good times, ate mac n cheese, chilled. Under obama Im an adult with a job. Total bullshit.
I was diagnosed with IBS, or itchy butt syndrome. I've been self medicating with vigorous scratching but that can only work for so long...
If you love someone, declare them your sworn enemy and foil their every plan, thwart them at every turn. If they leave, it wasnt meant to be
Band seeks bassist versed in parliament/funkadelic classics, old testament biblical law, thinks life is shit, no sense of punctuality, stupi
As president, I'm ready to address the serious issues:  It's crazy. We're all basically animals here on this earth, just playing our roles.
Id love to stop and smell the roses, nothing would make me happier. But alas if I break my stride for one second I start to smell my own ass
I am writing to complain that your cat "treats" taste nothing like cat nip as you claim. Cat nip also tastes shitty but thats not your fault
Your 4 year old could paint that? Why doesn't he do it right now? Oh whats that? Your big mouth is writing checks that Aiden here cant cash?
I'm sorry I botched the planning of your wedding man. When I said I don't fuck around I was just kidding. I actually fuck around constantly.
Vacation was great. We just relaxed, we lost a couple kids, hunted the European bison to extinction. Plus, those Autobahns are great. Hoo ee
Funny to read all the negative reviews of my practice album which I released by mistake. I know its bad guys, I wasnt trying. I hate it too.
I'm very approachable, as long as you're cool with navigating obstacle courses, disarming booby traps and crossing a moat to approach stuff.
I was thinking about writing a parody tweet of LFO's hit Summer Girls, but the lyrics are actually much funnier than me. Theyre so good haha
When u sip u buzz like hornets<br />Billy Shakespeare wrote a buncha sonnets<br />Lets go sit on the couch yo<br />the best marx brother is clearly groucho
we DO take checks, but the check has to have an account number and routing number, yours just says "bill gates' account" and "Im bill gates"
How about you shut the fuck up sir, I work here. My name is on the paycheck, that means I get to use the soda fountain first. Wait your turn
"when are you gonna leave that bottle return facility and get a real job?" [pulls up sleeve to reveal tattoo of an empty bottle on my bicep]
its not that the glass is half full or half empty, its more like all thats left is the ice cubes and optimists are all "Woo! Let me at 'em!"
Fast food? Well it's fast anyway! [crowd goes nuts, howling exultation. ronald mcdonald and the king start wailing, crying, gnashing teeth]
Yeah we can take care of it in "one fell swoop". Just let me grab my swords and put armor on my steed, I didnt realize it was medieval times
"Mike this prescription is for "a clue", I think your doctor was pranking you"<br />But he charged me 20 bucks!<br />"Clues are sold over the counter"
I feel the only thing stopping me from beating this alcoholism is finding another kind of drink that makes you feel really good and friendly
To all the people using follower counts to insult people: I can't hear you over all this good pop music, which is better due to record sales
You think that's reverent? That's not even my best shrine. The one I built to Samuel Beckett can play CDs and it has a bottle opener on it.
Critics are starting to notice that all my works are just stuff with nacho cheese poured on it. Ex. "nacho car", or the popular "nacho boot"
Go ahead, hate me because I get good deals on sweaters, hate me because the hollywood elite is firing hate waves into your mind, hate me bec
I hope you like your gift, I really busted my ass on it. [presents a small folding chair that I clearly sat down on really hard and broke]
I got kidnapped last week, he made me go on a tire swing and he pushed me around in a wheelbarrow full of leaves. it actually wasnt that bad
Im not mad you cut me off, just confused by your motivations. Surely its not worth missing out on my good friendship that you could have had
Wow, coffee prices went up? Lucky for you guys I can afford it but you might lose some customers. just a warning, one businessman to another
I don't know, you might be able to squeeze by there. Im kind of already sitting down so I guess it depends whether you can step over my legs
To those who have been waiting for a writer with true vision and a clear message: if he doesn't show my dumb tweets will still be right here
Uh, question. Instead of paying for the coffee of the guy behind me, can I get him to pay for mine? thats still a net act of kindness right?
I swear to god, if you guys dont stop fighting Im going to turn this couch around. We'll see how you like arguing on a wall-facing couch.
Stop clapping douchebags, its not impressive [runs down stairs, easily overtaking slinky] see? I can do this all day you idiots
Everyone laughed when I said I was the best rapper of all time, but they also laughed when I peed myself, which proves they're just immature
historian opening my time capsule: Wow this Mike F guy really didnt suck. According to this letter people admired his cool steez quite a lot
I used to be rich, before I accidentally dropped all my cash coming out of the bank and let a kid have it cause he picked it up for me.
[Goes to eat at a hibachi restaurant but spends the whole time trying to impress the chef with stories about making mashed potato volcanoes]
Yeah I'll take it to go... to go in the trash can hahaha! Nah, I'm just playin, make it for here. Here in this other trash can that is! Ohhh
[casually, in line at coffee shop] Im just the type of guy who likes getting a bigger coffee at no extra charge. Just my personality I guess
Well I humiliated myself but at least I still have my pride. Pride is the emotion you get from being drunk, right? I can still get that one.
[snaps out of 15-year stupor] Wait those bullies were just fucking with me... my head isn't a butt. Watch out life, I'm coming for you now.
Nah I'm actually cool, I can see where you got that impression though. I do a bunch of shit that people hate to try and weed out the haters.
I like when people complain about price markup by saying "Maybe I should get into X business!" like maybe you should dude. Whos stopping you
Mike F caused a bus carrying all the funniest comedians to crash, killing them all. he got distracted writing a dumb joke about keanu reeves
"We put a man on the moon but we cant get a free 6 pack?" Dude we didn't do that, the government did, if we did it someone would buy us beer
I took some new pictures the other day, here's a box that ive posted before in lower quality: http://t.co/N2OmpAsUtZ
here's the box I made with the carved ebony top, for the first time in a decent photograph: http://t.co/2AagZlWSYw
This is a table I just finished. It's cherry and rosewood, it was way harder than it looks, and it's my favorite. http://t.co/tph2TmVyq1
Snakes in the grass get a bad rap, but they're not actually trying to hide or sneak around. its not their fault they're shorter than grass.
OK Mr. "Bank Manager", I'll put my shirt back on. I didn't realize the pope was a customer here. Excuse ME for not being hoity toity enough.
Ok fine, I'll pick up the chair instead of sliding around the table. Also I'll bulletproof my car since apparently Im the fuckin pope now.
Pardon me sir, of course I'll take my feet off your headrest. Honey did you know the pope was sitting in front of us? What an honor.
New study finds that scientists are far cooler than rats. "they're total morons" said researchers. "Rat food sucks but these idiots love it"
*walks on stage at TED conference, plugs in small fan* you think wind power is a good idea? Seems to me we're not making power, but using it
Remember when you said I was lying about winning the gold? Well check the TV [there's a sticky note on the TV that says 'fuck you I did it']
I wonder if my lumberjack friends would still like me if they knew the circle worn into my jeans pocket is from my yo yo, not a can of skoal
Phone books, once a popular item, began to fall out of use in the early 2000s, when Mike F learned to rip them in half from a video online.
Well using a stopwatch and some quick math, I clocked you going somewhere between 60 and 100. Lets just say you're lucky I'm not a cop yet.
Mike youre not supposed to be in this lab without a full hazmat suit, you're breathing poison. Jeans tucked into socks doesn't really cut it
Great, its St Patricks season again. Now I have to listen to the 3 tenors at extra loud volume in my house all month. Hate that shit so much
Dude I don't get mad, I just get even. Even madder that is. I get so angry that I kick stuff and break my own toe. Makes me seem VERY cool.
They should give you a list of all the shit you're too good for at birth so you don't look like such a dick when someone asks you about it.
If you want to get more respect and bed more ladies in your everyday life, the secret is to talk to everyone like you're their coach.
Oh thats just Mike F, he's attempted suicide multiple times by eating a whole bottle of pills. Hes too dumb to take off the lid so it's cool
all the technicalities and loopholes people fantasize about using on cops are kinda negated by the fact that its illegal to argue with cops.
the best decision I ever made was deciding to play this 19 string lute that sounds like a piano full of hornets, instead of a normal guitar.
After 20 painstaking years of anthropological research, I've discovered that these jokers are basically acting like clowns to fuck with me.
The guy who once made the fries is now the guy who buys them. You never thought when you hired me that I would later quit and buy some fries
[clambers up onto summit, breathing heavily, approaches group of climbers] Hey. Just wanted to let you guys know this mountain sucks. Peace.
Liam Neeson in Taken 3 (2014): I can't believe you kidnapped my wife. I'm very Taken aback. You should know I'm "Taken" this very seriously.
Play us your hit song piano man<br />I want to hear it tonight<br />It's the best track on the album piano man<br />And even then it's just alright
Was gonna go to the club tonight but I saw a nerd waiting outside. I just kept driving like I had accidentally come to the wrong parking lot
R.I.P. Mike, he died after slipping on an empty shampoo bottle in the shower, an intentional move according to his last-minute suicide note
A priest dressed as a beggar to see if churchgoers would help him out. Then as a reward for his cool test idea, he got some of their money.
[Furiously typing on http://t.co/5QLLn6qErY] Yeah hon Im almost done hacking that vacation, just jammed the mainframe. Not easy but I did it
Look, heres the deal. We probably won't sell your dental records to terrorist organizations, we just need you to sign so we have the option.
I got connections in the country music scene. My friend Jed works at a music store, plus I know a mangy old dog named rusty whos pretty cool
Look kid, everyones an asshole except me, your dad, and you're the biggest asshole of the bunch. I try to be nice but you're a total jamoke.
A distressed mother can lift a car to save a child, similar to how an extremely angry man can lift the car onto the child in the first place
This poem is called Demonized by a Draconian Society, its inspired by my trip to the furniture store, where its apparently illegal to chill.
Oh, a puddle? I know what to do. Babe give me your high heels, if I wear them over my shoes they should be tall enough to keep my feet dry.
Just a heads up to all the bigots out there: there's no such thing as so-called "Reverse" psychology, it's just regular psychology.
Sorry man but there's no way I can do a country/rap mashup, it's impossible. That's like asking a chef to do a mashup of water and oil.
First they came for the Jews and some guy was like "Oh so you only come for Jews? why not the Christians?" Then they came for the christians
Actually it's more difficult to put a shirt on backwards than forwards, so if anything you guys should be applauding me, not laughing at me.
Hah, you stupid kids. Back in my day when we took inventory of the resources at our disposal they weren't nearly this diminished.
Oh yeah I just spilled that honey to catch these ants. [Whispering to ants as I wipe them up] thanks for covering for me guys, I owe you one
You motherfuckers, you think I don't know that youre feeding me toilet water? Well I know, I just don't have the wherewithal to object to it
When I heard someone in town was riding on16s, I nearly spit a mouthful of the gold flakes I was eating all over the wall of the sexatorium.
First they came for the socialists and I tried to play it off like I was a Jew. Then they came for the Jews and it was really awkward for me
Spain gradually decreasing attendance of running of the bulls in hopes that eventually the bulls will just do it solo and they can stay home
[Cool American businessman rolls up to running of the bulls in van] if we just load these bulls in the van Ill get em across town in no time
One of the best moments in the life of a millennial 20-something 90s kid is when they first get a job writing lists for buzzfeed or upworthy
Next on TLC, you'll never believe what happens when we get the world's most peaceful monk to take a huge bite of the world's hottest pepper.
If you get uncomfortable about violence in rap, imagine they're saying "lyrically" after violent lines. He didnt kill anyone its just lyrics
I don't have a resumé per se, but there's an episode of mythbusters later this week that will debunk me and explain why I'm a total shitlord
To the casual observer, it would appear that I'm not a hipster, but this 59/50 was bought at a haberdashery and my adidas are custom cobbled
"There are more stars than grains of sand in all the beaches in the world" cool but what about the bags of sand at the store? Didnt think so
I think they're supposed to write my name on the cup but all they ever write is mean stuff about how they want to burn me with hot coffee.
You wouldn't steal a DVD, you're probably too scared. Do it little baby. You're not even strong enough to lift it. Try it, you can't do it.
You don't want to go to that side of town, there's a lot of unsavory types. You know, a lot of sweet guys. sweetie pies, sweethearts, etc.
If it's yellow, then take a drink good fellow<br />If it's brown, then drink it down
Can I get less ice? [Cop flips on his lights, runs inside] hey what's the deal pal? You want less ice or you just trying to get more coffee?
I just feel like our anti-illuminati meetings would be more efficient if we spent less time accusing each other of being in the illuminati.
It's funny, most people who speak out against  others using the death penalty have never actually tried using it on anyone themselves.
Go ahead, get your laughs, have your fun, familiarize yourself with the fact that it is not in death alone that all souls are one, enjoy yo
Famous people give super shitty advice, like "tell everyone to fuck off at all times and don't worry about it, you're gonna be a star, kid!"
You can take my coloring contest trophy, but I'm still way better at coloring than those 6 year olds, and you all explicitly admitted to it.
Probably my favorite piece by Plato is the one where he and Socrates debate for over 1,500 pages over which is better: good shit or bad shit
Rules for being my friend:<br />-criticism must start with "Mike you're a great guy"<br />-If I buy you lunch you have to buy me breakfast and dinner
"Mike I don't know how to tell you this but you've been in a coma for 5 years, your jokes about making it rain and swag are super wack now."
If you do a robbery and the money is fluttering in your wake as you speed off, slow down. You're not that rich, you just resorted to robbery
It's sad, so few people achieve true enlightenment and self-actualization when all you have to do is smoke weed and take anthropology 101.
Thanks for giving me your number. Just gonna call it right now to make sure I got it right... and hitting send... [trash can starts ringing]
Be honest here dude, are you really mad at me for spilling lemonade on you, or are you mad at yourself for hating good refreshing beverages?
I cant come, I have a compilation of TV clips where a guy offers someone a cigarette, Im gonna watch it and pretend theyre offering it to me
Please, do NOT let me out of my room until I've had my coffee. No matter what I say to you, it's a trick, and I am not to be trusted.
Judges ruled today that if a cop leaves a note somewhere, the note is technically an officer of the law and you have to do whatever it says
If you wear glasses, always carry a spare pair in case you have to pretend you stole them from a nerd and step on a pair to prove youre cool
The clock I'm making is almost done, I just need to do some sanding and finishing! It has been a big pain in the ass http://t.co/WYHElPRQvz
I think you should know, I attempted suicide years ago by putting notes in hundreds of bottles saying to kill me, so that might still happen
[Dystopian government official reading my mind] Wow, this guy has a lot of great viewpoints and opinions, better cut this guy a nice check.
Im gonna teach this fool a lesson, anyone know what kind of flower this guy likes the least? Actually make it second least, Im not a monster
[me, mediating presidential debate, after every response to every question from either side] So you're basically saying you hate the USA. Ok
If I had a time machine, Id bring back the wheelbarrows of cash burned in the great depression and cause another depression due to inflation
Hey, do I need a license to fish around here? Oh it's unrestricted? Cool thanks [looks at fishbowl, makes throat slicing motion at goldfish]
I try to follow in the footsteps of Jesus, my plan is to start telling everyone what to do until my haters ultimately overwhelm and kill me.
Mike isnt the first rapper to threaten to fuck up the game but since his album debuted people are genuinely uninterested in listening to rap
If you ever see a guy in a nice car, just know that he had to drink a big mug full of pee to get it. No two ways about it, they all did it.
You know the feeling when you forget why you came into a room? Thats the only feeling I've had for about 6 months now, I think its permanent
Many people say my tweets are too highbrow, but they also say I'm handsome enough to make up for it. That's chapter one of my book, in chapt
Oh the house only has two bathrooms? Well we'll see how many you think there are after you see what I'm gonna do in all these other rooms.
If you're worried about a malady, try to picture a cool 50s guy in dungarees dying from it. The harder it is, the safer you are from death.
Was Mike just standing with his hands on his hips? Acting real quiet? Yeah you were probably talking to one of his lifesize cardboard decoys
In the top desk drawer of the CEO of every US auto manufacturer you will find a detailed written plan to run Mike F over with a luxury sedan
Mike, you've been using that excuse a lot. I'm starting to question whether you can really even get sick from loving your boss too much.
By pissing me off you're really just bringing more anger into my life, which I actually think is bad ass as a fan of heavy metal. So thanks.
"I need a 16oz monster, a carne asada e-cig and a newspaper" Actually you don't need that newspaper. You will not be affecting those events.
"Detective Mike, I need your help! I cant figure out how this guy escaped his cell!"<br />Hm... Were there any holes in the wall shaped like him?
Please #ff the cool guys @swarthyvillain and @wheatretard
Hah. My dude, politics are are only one example of what's wrong with this world. You can't even fathom what a wrong world we occupy brother.
You see, Tom Sawyer tricks his friend into helping him paint the fence by saying it's fun, much like when I told you guys this book was cool
Coolest CSI character is the informant who helps cops out with tips like "where did you see the killer last?" or "try retracing your steps".
Yeah I'm kind of an expert on tea. I know all the cup sizes, types of beans, dreamcatcher shapes, what size of plate to use as a saucer, etc
[gets up from chalk outline] Yeah I don't buy it you guys. I couldn't even fall asleep in that shitty position, much less die.
Steer clear of weed dealers. I had a friend once who bought a bag of weed from a guy. There was a razor blade in it. He's still dead today.
Well my main strength is probably my general malaise, but I also have some more specific malaises if you're interested in getting into those
Kid, if you want salvation, go to a priest. Don't go to me cause I'm the opposite of a priest. I smoke a lotta cigarettes, Im nihilist, etc.
"man, in my life sometimes its like its one thing after another" yeah I tend to use that technique a lot too. just keep having things happen
Great drum circle you guys. Personally I loved it. My friend at home wanted me to tell you it sucked, but me? I thought it was top notch.
You're out of dark roast? FUCK!  God DAMN it. Sorry, it's not your fault, it's my fault. I've been ordering it too much, I fucked it up man.
Jeez mike, we'd love to buy your ska vinyl collection but I don't think we have enough stocks here at the stock exchange, can we owe you?
Mike as your accountant, I strongly urge you to fire both your staff of food tasters and your evil chef who keeps cooking you poisoned meals
Do you have anything else to read in this waiting room? I'd read the newspaper but I left my sport coat, my pipe and my newsboy cap at home.
Look at what's become of this country. I swear to christ I'd be spinning in my grave right now if it wasn't illegal.
Really hoping my gun detector comes in the mail before my guns do. Don't want to get caught off guard here.
If you want to get the job, be highly cryptic in the interview. "I don't know about any 'Last Job' but it can get HOT in the summer man."
Hey asshole, my dad works for the illuminati, are you saying my dad is corrupt?
This is undoubtedly the biggest scandal to hit Washington DC since 1965, when they found out the constitution was printed on human skin.
My country album is fraught with symbolism. For example in the track junkyard dog, while I am not literally a dog who works at a junkyard, I
Don't hate the player, hate the air that he breathes. Follow him around and spit on the ground behind him, put mummy curses on the player
You make fun of me for being a mummy and rising from my tomb, but it was a different time. Back then they laughed at me for NOT being cursed
Lot of negative Nancys coming out of the woodwork to talk shit on my well-deserved  takedown of mummies. Sorry it's such a weak burial rite.
my life started to go "off the rails" around age 14, when i first noticed that death, sadness, fighting and other bad shit seemed good to me
I'm scared to go on vacation because I'm afraid the primitive non-american people will make me their chosen one, and I'll have to save them.
Hello class. This year I'm going to teach you about how your young bodies are extra resilient, and how you can ignore a lot of safety rules.
I don't have time for this crap pal, I got two mouths to feed, and their names are my face and your ass.
Nice try getting an early start Mike, but as punishment for getting to the bank early we're giving 100 of your dollars to the guy behind you
They said I was the ugliest guy in town, but I saved up and bought a car and now they say Im the ugliest guy with the shittiest car in town,
If anyone is one of those guys who thinks one mans trash is his treasure, then hit me up. I've got some treasure you might be interested in
Remember the brochure? Army of one my man, you got this. If you like backup so much you should have become a truck driver. Good luck soldier
Me as a therapist: wow, so uh, it sounds like your life is wicked shitty and you're not really a fan of it. Have you uh, tried beers before?
Oo Im a celebrity, Im drinking bottled water, stop taking my picture guys Im famous"sir, stand still for your license photo" Ooh Im Ben Affl
We figured out the reason for those weird pains you've been having. Looks like your skeleton is evil, he's been casting a pain spell on you.
welcome to the show mike. as you know, the CIA released video of you eating a  sandwich you dropped on the floor, you want to speak on that?
A lot of people think its not cool to ride a tricycle, but watch this [clip of me falling off a tricycle] sorry, that was the wrong footage.
Wow mike, you're really impressing the customers with your pen catching, any way you could do a trick where you jump up on the counter?
Weird. Says here in Mikes will that he's still in the mix? He says hes layin in the cut right now but he's got some major shit in the works?
This week in science news: dark matter and energy are boring science stuff. We're definitely not getting cool powers over here. Shh, go away
Your main goal in life should be to be happy for an hour in a stupid bed right before you die. Tailor every action towards that end.
My phone has shockproof glass bitches *drops phone, screen shatters, shard flies into my eye* nice, just got a free contact lens on purpose.
I'm gonna ask you guys questions and we can learn from eachother. I don't have some book with all the answers. I basically just fuck around.
Mike's latest project will be released on a deluxe 2 CD set. The project is a huge nasty loogie and the 2 CD set is Stadium Arcadium by RHCP
If I should happen to get some kind of a signature shoe deal after my death, please make sure my bad attitude is reflected in the design.
Guys! The ghost is trying to tell us something! [my mom w/ a sheet over her head starts saying "let mike do what he wants, hes a good kid!"]
Whether or not the moves were sexy is beside the point, hes a fireman, his pay comes out of your taxes, theres no need to shower him in ones
I'll tell you one thing about that guy: don't ever do favors for him, he'll just be a dick about it - me talking about a guy I threw eggs at
Oh, thanks, glad you stopped me from stepping in that dog turd. I don't like doing that at all. *looks at you like you're a total asshole*
when I was a kid, the bullies threw moldy tomatoes at me. 20 years later I came back to that town and I bought every moldy tomato they had.
A Quiet Storm: The Mike F Memoirs: Book one: A Friendly Enemy: Section one: Clouds in the Desert: Chapter One: Driving on the Parkway
Welcome to my seminar. Id like to start by... wrecking a bunch of fools? Oh, sorry, got the wrong notecards. These are for a different event
In a rare "Ultimatum Style" amendment, the government has decreed that you can either use public services or have hobbies, you can't do both
well I still have a career in movies [agent shakes head 'no'] standup? ['no' again] joke greeting cards? [he waffles his hand like 'maybe?']
People think I'm just sitting around, not gonna do anything but then all of a sudden Boom! Skedoosh! I start making cool onomatopoeia sounds
You thought that was important to me because I was talking about it a lot? No man I was just trying to seem cool, like a guy who likes stuff
is there a hotline for if youre not gonna kill yourself, you just really regret becoming an expert on a type of music that actually sucks
I'm all geared up to chat with you, let's do this. Ohp! I'm falling into my car! Oh no I can't get up! Now I'm driving away aaaa... Later...
Don't make me laugh bro,  the word pain isn't even in my vocabulary. I usually call it a "boo boo" or "owie time"
Everyone says war is hell, but like, I love you guys. This place is fuckin sick. I wish we could just chill here forever - drunk guy at war
its a moot point professor, I would never allow that situation to occur. If you even gave one monkey one typewriter id take it away from him
It's ironic, saying "there's no need to get the cops involved" during every interaction has actually led to MORE cop involvement in my life.
[On tour of boston] USS constitution. I Peed my pants there. Pretended I fell in the water. Paul revere's house? slammed my dick in the door
People treat you different once you get some money. People used to want to kick me and spit on me, but now? They want to knock me over first
everyone wants a piece of the pie since they saw me turning in my empty beer cans. Back off ladies, where were you when I was drinking them?
When she found the ring in the spaghetti she said yes, but the more rings she found the madder she got, and eventually she changed her mind.
some guys say they dont need weed to be cool but what if you run into some guy whos exactly as cool as you but he smokes too? whos cool then
I bet the girls won't think I'm so handsome after I handsome of these dog turds to them
sometimes in my jokes, I present a somewhat naive or simplistic worldview. this is only because I'm the biggest idiot ever to walk the earth
Hey pal, why dont you tell it to my fists, Handguy and the Leftmeister. If that doesn't do it for you, you can talk to Footy and Footman Dan
Teen witness: actually, now that I see the sketch I realize the perp wasn't  a hot lady with huge cans. I'll keep the sketch though, thanks.
You think I need to wash my hands before going back to cooking? Buddy they should bring the food into the bathroom after I'm done using it.
many people say im a baby but check this out. it's a photo of my top drawer, and whats that in there? its underwear, not diapers. checkmate.
"oh I don't really eat fast food, every time I go I get diarrhea." Oh, cool, that sounds good... You know they have burgers there right?
This vacation has been great, I love this, how you say, mcdonalds, that you have here. It brings me back to my days in the old country.
Seeing a mcdonalds overseas made me realize, we're all connected. We made the same restaurant thousands of miles apart. guess its in our DNA
"The problem with this world is there are too many assholes out there!" Sir my son is an asshole "But da-" Shut up darren you shithead
george w bush just arrested the guys who made Loose Change, hes saying theyre the ones who did it, and something about snitches get stitches
people don't want art, they want garbage. and thats what i sell. i've been losing some business to the art store next door but thats a fluke
I used to be like you, til I started peeing my pants all the time, now I make 750k a year. Try peeing yourself and talk to me in a month kid
[Yelling across rows to only other guy in the theater] you know what's up with this music? Can the characters hear it or just you and me?
Intern: sir, mike f told you to fuck off on his tax papers<br />IRS president: I like this kid's gumption. Triple his tax return! Give him my job
Judge: I rule that Mike F is on a life journey; every day is an adventure for him and he is learning along the way, therefore hes not guilty
[Snorts derisively at stripper's billfold] Is that seriously all you got tonight? I get twice that just from taking off my coat on the bus.
Cody Orwell, Georges cooler brother: you want a vision of the future? imagine me and the boys, chillin for hours. Just straight havin a BBQ.
Mike your nautical epic sucks. Do you know any nautical terms? Why do you keep saying flinstones and jetsons instead of flotsam and jetsam?
Alright, no more Mr nice guy. Mr nice guy is my father, you can just call me nice guy. Also both of us are huge assholes.
Don't be so melancholy man, it could be worse. If you feel sad just remember that the well of human suffering is bottomless and unfathomable
Police are on the lookout for a baby who was caught on film making his dad smoke a joint. The police want to give daps to the chill baby.
god secretly gave moses an extra commandment tablet with rules like "dont swim in the ocean, its mostly pee" and "its cool to pirate music"
Yeah you heard me, I chill! In fact I just may do it later tonight [everyone at the aristocrats ball gasps, unaccustomed to my relaxed ways]
So you DON'T need a PhD to be a carnie? No degree at all? Oh no that's cool, I just wasted 8 years of my life I guess, no big deal. Sweet.
As a kid, I made pipes from plastic bottles if I didnt have one. Now I do something much stupider and more expensive. http://t.co/JGhBwbOjYu
I made a clock, it's cherry &amp; rosewood. Plus I electrically etched the brass, for the ladies. http://t.co/LrJipBH8h6
I'm also trained as an amateur cashier and a professional child bodyguard (I won't guard your children but I will protect you against them)
You know who you look like officer? A guy who likes apple crisp. How about I go home, get you a nice apple crisp, and you make me a free man
I'll show you my friends in the 2nd grade yearbook [look on girl's face goes from 'aww' to 'oh no' when she sees the book is from last week]
When Mike talks about la vida loca hes not just being a poser. you can tell hes heard the ricky martin song and hes directly referring to it
No you don't get it. The dollar signs are more of an ironic statement than a true celebration of money. I do actually love money though.
No, in my painting the dogs are playing canasta not poker. The difference literally could not be bigger. The only unoriginal one here is you
One day I will grow tall like the mighty oak, and then, also like the mighty oak, I'll be like "oh no I'm too big, im gonna fall over! aaa!"
Me: I think its safe to say that Ive done more crimes than anyone in here<br />Cop: it wasnt at all safe to say that. Youre in the police station
Oh thats mike f. Hes reviled in the fashion world cause he keeps buying all the hottest items and spilling tomato sauce on them by accident.
Therapist: so you're saying you try harder at making fun of your life than you do at actually living it? Get out of my office Mike.  Dumbass
Criminal in front of me in line at court: I cant go to jail right now, I got a thing.<br />Judge: its cool, Mike can do your sentence too<br />Me: noo
Man it's so nice outside. It's nicer than a witch's tit. It's more appealing out there than if a witch cast a sexiness spell on her own boob
Oh I'm an "insensitive asshole"? Then how come I get extremely angry any time someone playfully ribs me? Seems to me I'm HIGHly sensitive.
monsanto's baby carrot recipe just leaked [footage of baby carrots in tiny bonnets being ripped from the arms of weeping full size carrots]
Coolest move you can do at the bar is the "beer bomb". you throw a bottle of beer down into a glass of beer, and it explodes beer everywhere
"What is this guy stupid?" - guys in those arctic towns where the sun doesnt go down for months when you say something is like night and day
Sorry Mike but all these You Me and Dupree refs are killing your album. "romantic yet funny; dupree" "stay with the bud like im dupree", etc
If you want to get the job, dodge every interview question, only talk about how the "ghost chili" is the worlds hottest pepper. Then eat one
Well one two, princes kneel before you<br />thats what i said now<br />one prince is the singer from the spin doctors<br />his songs are very good now
this one, has something in his pocket<br />thats what i said now<br />but this one, makes sweet radio rock hits<br />looks like the choice is clear now
I read once that johnny ramone didnt listen to any other guitarists when learning to play and i was like "oh no foolin? I totally cant tell"
There's rumors going around that i wouldn't sell out to some big corporation. well i would. i would sell out to like, an AT&amp;T store manager
Next on Lockup, we take you to America's worst prisons, where we give the prisoners explicit permission to use improvised weapons on Mike F
Im the kind of guy whos thought of committing suicide, so I "get it". I've also thought of driving in the breakdown lane and cutting in line
People get offended when you speak hard truths they don't want to hear, but macaroni pictures just look bad. they're an aesthetic nightmare.
Making a rube goldberg device to crush my head but I couldnt do it without my haters. theyve been working tirelessly to see it to completion
I've got a serious side, a humorous side, and a creative side, so I guess I'll polish it all off with a side of baked beans, the sultry side
A lot of people think alphabet blocks are just for kids, but what they fail to realize is that the wooden ones are actually pretty durable.
Hello. Greetings automated answering machine robot. I am a robot too, beep beep. Please give me the secret robot discounts now. Bee boo bop.
Mike, you came in last in the escape artist competition with zero points. Sorry but you got caught in like 3 things that weren't even traps.
Listen, this burlap sack ain't big enough for the two of us, but i reckon if we just get one leg each in there we might have a shot at this
Am I experienced with a corporate office environment? Come here [beckons interviewer over to laptop, mouses over My Documents folder smugly]
If you ignore the fact that i made a mixtape of myself talking about how cool i am, the tape itself actually makes me seem fairly cool.
In my house we change shoes when we come in. Its like bowling. though if you want to play wii bowling with me you need to change shoes again
Hold on, can I interrupt you there? I can already tell you're trying to be nice but check this out, watch this fuckin move: I'm mad about it
To be fair, he probably didn't work THAT hard on it. It's a shitty bowl made of play doh, and dad isnt my real name so he got that wrong too
[to self, at lunch] plane's coming in for a landing, open the hangar! *opens mouth, throws pizza under table* Oh no the plane went missing!
Sure you get all the free milk you want already, but check this out hotshot: if you buy the cow you get to have sex with it too.
Man I havent heard this jam in 20 years. You ruined my life plan to go 75 years without hearing it, now I dont have enough time. Thanks dick
Mike, the main reason you're out of hard drive space is all these copies of the ignition remix. You really only need one, you can repeat it.
Psst, are we applauding this guy sarcastically cause he's a dick? Oh it's for real? Yeah I like him too, I was just making sure you did
Oh my hand? I had to get it amputated because of an infected splinter. i was trying to prove that i like splinters. which i do. i love them.
I was happy til i realized life is bullshit. it still wasnt too bad, but then i noticed movies are bullshit too. thats when it got fucked up
Oh he's easily my favorite director. I swear, if that guy isn't releasing magnum opuses nonstop then I don't know what one is.
I discovered a new element, but I foolishly named it Updog, now all the researchers trying to find out what it is are caught in a joke trap.
[at funeral] Wow, he's really dead. My grandpa actually died once. Its crazy. His heart stopped and he died. Thats why this is about me now.
Im not the type of guy who has regrets. Im actually glad i hurt my hand earlier, it made me who i am today: a guy with a fucked up hurt hand
Alright, lets go over the reasons youre banned from commenting on my blog:<br />- Youre a fucker<br />- I own you constantly<br />- Im not mad<br />- No manners
please #ff the cool guys @wowjaredawesome @heynerditsme @wheatretard @swarthyvillain and @respected_loner
A liberal professor gets up in front of his class and says "marines are bigtime pussies. If they weren't, one would punch me out right now"
An cop walks up to the professor, he punches him out  and says "the marines are busy in heaven trying to kill God so they sent me instead"
I'm highly creative in my writing, I use metaphors such as graves and skeletons to talk about stuff thats only tangentially related to death
Finally famous, now I can show these rich idiots that money CAN buy happiness. I'll show them later though, I'm still sad that I sold out.
It's ok to be sad and cry sometimes. Like the times when you want to be a sad crying guy, at that time it's VERY ok to do. In fact it's cool
Sorry I'm late, I have no idea where Im going. I was being sarcastic when I said I'd look up directions, I dont actually know how to do that
So your honor, are you saying it WOULDN'T be a shame if something happened to his family? Sounds like you're the one who's being threatening
Well boss, I got the big contract. It says in here that the client agreed to have some other asshole do the work, we're not mentioned once.
Well a body is 70% water, and pee is sterile, plus water is pretty clean too, so I figure we can just substitute pee for water in the recipe
Well see I dont want to air these grievances directly because I have a rep to maintain as a cool lone wolf who is scared of his own feelings
Yeah? She's probably only going out with you cause she's nice. How does it feel to have nice people want to hang out with you, chumplord?
Its crazy that Dave Navarro went to a gas station and made all the gas pumps spray blood on the ground and wouldn't stop until the cops came
At this point if a celeb or politician hasnt called me out by name to deny it, you can assume theyre at my house chilling on a regular basis
Yeah? You're lucky my smart friend Germane isn't here right now, or he'd tell you EXACTLY which salient points I've been implying all night.
People laugh at me for saying "Well" too much in my tweets but they won't be laughing when I cash my check from the welldiggers association.
Just to give you an idea of how smart I am from depression: I can get sad at the park, the beach or the pizzeria, I cry watching family guy,
when you take their freedom, people get mad! [crowd cheers] they rise up! [crowd gets up] they respect theatre rules! [crowd sits back down]
"Aaaa, stop throwing dirt on me, my spirit is still alive!"<br />Shhh, Its ok grandma. Youre gross now and Im burying you<br />"noo-"<br />Shh, go to sleep
these abstract shapes represent my emotions, except at the bottom there, I ran out of good emotion ideas so a lot of those are just swirls.
i dont know what theyre teachin over there but youre not gettin laid in THIS dojo unless you know a few fighting styles named after animals.
Sure, It's totally my fault that you ordered such a tantalizing, sexy drink and then failed to inform me of your draconian "no sips" policy.
It wasn't until I hit rock bottom that I really stopped to think about it. I didn't really hate Barney, he was just a dinosaur on a TV show.
No Mike, you don't get it. No one's saying you look BETTER with the scar, you look like shit actually. We're all just glad that you got hurt
[ronald mcdonald in fake mustache sidles up to group of teens] mcdonalds sucks right guys? Let's discuss ways they could improve their image
God: Mike did you ever jerk it?<br />Me:I don't know what you heard dude but i dont do that. Thats gross<br />Guys in hell: What? Come on. No<br />Me: Shhh
Character in my novel: Suffering is bad.<br />Me, the narrator: You'd think so wouldn't you, you bitch? You and the reader are both motherfuckers
Here, I dont have a coat to put over the puddle, just step on my hands... Ooh! Ouch babe, you're crushing my hands! Ah! Ow! Fuck off bitch!
Critics prefer Mike F's earlier work "his play doh snakes and worms were cute, but he never really reached those heights again" - his mother
you're right about one thing professor. You're right about to get your ass kicked for disrepecting god in front of a class full of marines.
Hey, whoa there pal. You got a lotta balls comin in here trying to make a ball pit in this abandoned pool.
Life is a road trip where you have to hold the trunk closed so your stuff doesnt fall out, but it falls out anyway and everyone runs over it
[writes long stupid book in which every point contradicts one of my other points, responds to all criticism with "that's the beauty of it!"]
The game this week was one of the most surprising upsets in recent memory, second only to Mike F getting upset that his coffee was too hot.
you'll find i'm something of an eccentric [Pulls on book, activating mechanism which tips the bookcase forward, dumping all the books on me]
Hah, look at this asshole with his stupid nice car. If I had that piece of shit I'd drive it at a hundred. A hundred miles an hour that is.
it would suck to have a mint for a tongue. people like "bet that tastes good" and youd be all "woulnt fuckin know dude i have a mint tongue"
You still make volcanoes with your potatoes? Me and the other elites carve little furrowed fields and irrigate them with gravy from beneath
Try to put me in a box? fuckin, i'll put you in a box kid [falls over trying to kick through imaginary box a that a breakdancer put me into]
First of all fucker, Im not mad about what you said, Im just mad because the price changed on some stocks I have. I just remembered about it
why would you put a traffic cone in front of the urinal? If you think I can't pee in a urinal you should see me trying to pee into a cone.
Manners-lovers are going nuts ever since Mike F turned the etiquette community on its head with his rude book "being crass is wicked polite"
Mike, we were gonna hire you to clean toilets until we saw your tweets. They're so dumb. Youd probably just drink the toilet water you turd.
Excuse me, tour guide? You said someone died leaping from the empire state building in the '40s? That's impossible, since I built it in 2003
[takes burrito by the edge of the tortilla so that it unfurls and spills out on the countertop] What the fuck am I supposed to do with this?
I love people watching [said in a tone suggesting I expect you to ask what that is] especially when I spot a MILF ["MILF" also in said tone]
[Yelling towards front of casket line at wake] Hey come on pal, leave some mourning for the rest of us! Not gonna be sad forever over here.
If I cant cook it at home from ingredients i can pronounce its trash. I am insanely bad at cooking and i can only pronounce like three words
There is a special circle reserved in hell for people who said they liked peanuts but God thought they were saying penis so he smote them
Think about this dude: if you WERE made of money, wouldn't it actually be MORE presumptuous of me to keep asking you for it?
Do I remember the easy bake oven? [reaches into shirt, pulls out a chain, on it a full size easy bake oven which I am wearing as a necklace]
My rebellious son is in for a rude awakening. My other son though, the horrors of adulthood will hit him like a feather hitting a pillow.
I find the defendant not guilty, as he says he was "really bored" and "just being random". I judge that sounds pretty chill and reasonable.
Mike this concludes your physical. Call me if you have any medical questions, and I'll call you if I need any help wearing a dirty t shirt.
To my friends: in an effort to be more like Jesus, Im going to chill for a grip of years, like at least 2 Gs worth, then I'll see how I feel
No Mike, you don't get it because you're a dummy. It's subversive. The upside down tv turns our preconceived notions about tv "upside down".
Me after reading The Secret: Hah... keep trying you fools, the secret to true happiness belongs to me, its trapped forever in my mind prison
Oh man, my bad... I accidentally drew an X on the receipt instead of signing it. Guess its X-ed out now huh? You'll just have to refund me.
No sir, that merger didn't go through. Mike F came in and drew a big X on the contract before we could stop him. Its totally void now.
[cop waving around adorable little plush blunt in front of criminal, trying to get him to look at the camera and smile for his big mug shot]
You call this shit coffee? I wouldn't use this crap as water to brew coffee. I drink coffee like this on the way to get a coffee.
If he saw what you did he'd be rolling in his grave. As it is Im gonna be rolling in my bed all night, you'll be lucky if I don't fall out.
Wow kid, thanks for this sweet play doh snake. Except I bought you this play doh earlier and I remember there being more of it. Whats up.
Nostradamus: When the exhausted Sun takes up his cycle then my prophecy will be accomplished. Weezy will fall off big time in the late 2000s
Oh thats just my bank account. Im saving up so I can trick a kid into thinking the world is chill and cool for about 14 years using my money
Welcome back to rock 105, getting you through the workday with another hour of sick jams ruthlessly mocking your 9-5 job and life in general
[I dress up like a hot girl basketball player, get lebron to pass the ball to me, then I pop it with a big needle and throw it back to him]
my breakthrough as a rap artist came when I commented on a 2pac youtube that we should do a song together. His agent called me the next day.
Ah yes, my coupons! Thank you butler. It appears that we shall once again be saving a full 75 cents on paper towels. Another rousing success
I just made this knife box for my tall affluent friend @rigamarock . The knives fit in between the bamboo skewers http://t.co/0yzAzHDqn8
No dude, I was threatening your son with LYRICAL violence. I was calling out VERBAL wrestling moves that I COULD do. I might not even do it.
Here's a leg from a table I'm working on. Sorry my desk is kind of a mess right now http://t.co/olsVe50DnE
I don't know, did I put a huge fingerprint on your wedding cake? Or did I actually put a huge THUMB print? Who's the dick now, asshole?
There's a time and a place for everything? Maybe in Do-Everything-All-The-Time Town where you come from but here on earth we can't do that.
Well I deleted my facebook. I don't want all that info out there. someone could put the pieces together and find out I'm a ginormo dickweed
[Goes back to set of tracks I left and wipes away one individual footprint somewhere in the middle] there, that ought to throw em off.
Oh nice. Good burn on me. Where'd you come up with that one, the stupid insult thinkatorium? The center for telling rude lies about Mike F?
Ha, stupid liberal. you dont need to take your gum out when you sleep. People just tell you that to stop you from getting gum on your pillow
God: In this world there is much suffering, try to get out of it. Some of the ways of getting out are easy. Don't do them, they piss me off.
[My ironic friends walk in on me joking with some normal guys about the sizes at starbucks] oh fuck. I swear this isn't what it looks like.
Heads and tails? Merely two sides to the same coin brother. as any historian will tell you, George Washington had a gross little tail on him
Here let me diagnose your personality type with my advanced system. Pick a number. You pick 9? You're feeling fine. Number 8? Pretty great
Listen you motherfucker, if you want to fight me you're going to have to fight my wife first. Shhh... Shhhut up honey, you can take this guy
Jesus: I'm going to heaven right now but I'm gonna come back, and we can all chill, which I still want to do. I'm just going for cigarettes.
Please #ff my closest, tallest friend and most intimate associate @heynerditsme
And the lord said to him: No my son. All those times when you were arguing with no one in the shower, that was me. I was arguing with you
The universe is unimaginably large. To imagine how big it is, imagine a basketball. now imagine the whole universe is full of basketballs
The universe is so big that if you crushed Earth to the size of a golfball, it would take space police 1,000 years to arrive at the scene
I just want you to admit that the only reason you won't hire me to patrol the junkyard is my race. Im as qualified as any dog if not more so
The book starts with the author sitting at his typewriter, he has writers block. the whole thing is like a movie [publisher starts clapping]
[Guy who watches How Its Made like its a cooking show] wow, another big machine I don't have. Guess I'll just melt these ingots on the stove
Can you get a drink too? Jesus christ. You want anything else your highness? I would have packed a lunch if I knew your order was this long
New dalai lama found in NYC. He brings a message of peace, says a lot of stuff like "take it easy there chief" and "hey, oh, hey. whoa pal."
If you want a better shopping experience you have to pay a little more. That's why I buy packs of tic tacs at auctions for about 4.50  each
President: Lets see, where we at with the debt. Whoa ok. Im just gonna break myself off a grip of cash here, round this sucker up to 20 tril
That's a parlor trick my dude.  A mere trick that you would watch in a parlor, if you were hanging out in one while a guy was doing tricks.
You laugh at me because I don't "get" sports, but if you knew how little I know about science and math you might find it more sad than funny
Yeah right buddy. You got it. Whatever you say there big guy. I guess we just have to agree that I majorly agree with your ass on this one
Hollywood fucked up my childhood. First I think and say a bunch of stupid shit from disney movies, plus Im a fully liquid metal terminator
Oh youre moving to the woods to become a monk? Nice plan. Good luck finding criminals and a sink to wash your hands obsessively in the woods
Actually my bitch, seatbelts cost far more lives than they save [gets thrown out of car at extremely low speed as I back out of my driveway]
The year is 2195, grandmas are now preternaturally sick at rapping and america is forced to pay for years of mocking their lyrical skills
I don't normally listen to rap since its garbage, but im getting really into this funny rapping granny. she's actually off the damn chain.
If I talk about time, I am forced to mention space. One can't talk about space without saying that british space is cooler than american spa
If you exit earths atmosphere, you risk being struck by a deadly cosmic ray. Also if you bowl against my space themed alter ego, cosmic ray.
enlightened bird: it's messed up that we separate ourselves from nature by living in these fake nests. I sit on the branch next to the nest.
Anyone who wishes they were doing what they love for a living instead of working for someone: dont worry it would still be a pain in the ass
Doctor: Ok Mike, whatever. Eat these pills I guess, I don't know. Call me if it works cause I'll be fuckin surprised. I drive a bmw bitch.
Let me show you a record that really "takes me to funkytown" [I reach right past 'Funkytown' and grab 'Play That Funky Music White Boy']
This is a set of bar stools that I am building, they gonna have black leather slipseats http://t.co/I089YEixnK
The top of a tilt top tea table. Crotch walnut with  carved ebony flower inlay http://t.co/zUpDNnPVkp
These are the legs from the tea table. http://t.co/fjbLvytBIM
I'm gonna post some works in progress 2nite. Here's a roughed out ebony pipe that I'm making for my boy @brendlewhat http://t.co/R7WOImF0Di
Whoa Mike holy shit. I didn't realize you were engaged in an emotion struggle inside your own dumb head. Matter of fact, take TWO days off.
Me, looking over god's plan: Instead of having this guy die and fall onto the button, couldn't you have him just press it?<br />God: Uhh... no...
I'm sick of it dude, everything is a big sword fight with you. Some times I just want to see movie without having to defeat you with a sword
Hey boss, can you hold onto my paycheck for a sec while I tie my shoe? thanks... HEY! Oh! This guy's withholding my pay! Anybody seeing this
Hey man do you guys have anything with antioxidants in it? Im fuckin loaded up with oxidants today. My shit is rife with oxidants right now.
Perhaps my favorite trophy of all, I won this when I beat Lex Luger's famous Beat Machine in a hi hat hitting contest. I was faster by 1 bpm
Mike F, your request for a loan of $40,000 to buy "thinking pills" online in order to "think of the sickest business idea ever" is denied
When people piss me off with loud music in their car I just feel bad for them. theyre just jealous that theyre not in my car stewing in rage
Oh you have a wife and kids but you're just "collecting" swords. No man its cool I get it. Good luck with your medieval battle family dude.
Father I have a confession. I thought the food pantry donation box was a trash can, ive been throwing garbage in it my whole life. Im 86 now
Plumber at a bar, very drunk: You know toilets have a lot more holes than people give them credit for man. its not just the main toilet hole
There is a period of about 20 years in jesus' life that cannot be accounted for. this is because he was going by the name "Raw Dog Randy"
Wow, this house is like an episode of extreme  makeover where theyre trying to surprise a guy who loves shitty houses. Anyway sorry I'm late
When you say you're made of dead star particles, it doesnt make you seem like a cool star guy, it just makes stars seem like huge assholes
are you mixing fish and mayonnaise in a bowl you gross bitch? You're dead dog. Im killing you. - murderer of the guy who invented tuna salad
Objection your honor. Asking my client to put on the sunglasses would make him look like a cool (and frankly kind of guilty) criminal
In the future we will transfer our minds onto computers. then we can throw them in the garbage and talk about circuits in cool robot voices
Ah, my dumb human thoughts and emotions have been transferred to the hard drive. Now I will robo stomp it. Bee boo bop. taste the pain bitch
Well Mike, you did well in the interview but we saw you on the security cam accidentally eating that cobweb. you will not be getting the job
Fuck, forgot what I was gonna say. It was smart though [I suddenly remember that it was wicked dumb] Guess I'll never remember. Good night.
Think I'll check my favorites, visit some of my old favorite sites [the only listing is the imdb 'goofs' page for 'an extremely goofy movie]
[whispering extremely loudly in ear of old guy on the bus] Don't worry, I shan't reveal that we are on our way to the secret freemasons club
Actually no Mike, you can't get that coffee with less ice. You sound like a dumbass right now. I'm gonna burn you with hot coffee you bitch.
Shout out to my haters. I would like to thank my haters for taking me to the zoo to see the reptile exhibit last weekend, I had a great time
The only thing Mike F left behind when he died was a huge and stupid manuscript about how beethoven and mozart were like biggie and tupac
I got a message for people who don't follow me: Hey what the fuck yo. what am i not good enough for you? I mean i'm at least like, decent.
What the fuck pal? You think you're better than me? You think I'm not on a life long journey where I live, learn, love and laugh every day?
I was doing pretty well at skiing, but then I hit a bad patch of turbulence and sucked in a bird and I ended up crashing into the mountain.
What's up everybody, I'm Ted Zeppelin and this song is called Stairway to Kevin. You might hate this but your kids haven't even heard of it
I made a set of barstools! red oak with ebony pins/wedges. Im going to get drunk in one of these things http://t.co/SP9PUlrsq0
This is a walnut tilt-top tea table with ebony accents, It was my own design and I love it http://t.co/XyHnVkdDL5
Some close up shots of the tea table; you can see the details a little better. The piece of wood on the top is crazy http://t.co/qpaVaUiDqt
welcome to the belt lovers club meeting. We're way down on our projected numbers because everyone keeps laughing when I say to "buckle down"
No dude, if you cook ramen by the directions on the package youre a sucker. You gotta learn the tricks [opens twist-off beer with a lighter]
Check this shit out motherfucker [I slide one foot out from under me and fall on my ass, its not clear what kind of move I was trying to do]
There are a lot of common misconceptions about the inner workings of cars, but most of them are way more accurate than how i think they work
RIP Mike F. He crashed into a car window trying to climb in. Like a stupid bird, he couldn't see the glass because it was clear and he died
Kid, if there's one true thing I've learned over the years, I'd be fuckin surprised. If there were two or three things it would blow my mind
this piece is inspired by warhol's iconic "soup can", but the can says soap instead of soup. Its a commentary on how soap is a form of soup
How you feelin man?<br />"I dont know Mike, not as good as i could be"<br />you mean not as well<br />"sorry, not as well as I"<br />you mean not in addition to
The problem with people is they love to check their phones. Why don't you try checking how many branches are on the mighty oak tree, morons?
Have fun with your little "face book", I have some meaningful stuff to take care of [I take out my phone and bring up a picture of a tree]
If you want to clearcut the rainforest, fine, but look at what we'd be losing [I take out some polaroids that I took at the rainforest cafe]
Hey, I hate the death penalty as much as the next guy, but I LOVE justice. And if you gotta kill a guy for justice, well, who am I to say no
I wonder how many times in a row you could "accidentally" drop your coffee immediately after paying for it before they would kick you out
Yeah I'm ready to go, let me just grab my travel mug [I grab a regular mug that looks like it's had a crazy amount of coffee spilled on it]
I don't know Mike, you say you're looking stuff up in there but whenever I ask you a question you don't actually know anything.
[I post a tutorial on photorealistic painting but there's clearly a step near the end where I just switch it out with an actual photograph]
a guy asked if frankensteins castle was in tasmania. It took a sec like "you mean dracula, and transylvania and no its the looney toons guy"
Rembrandt was unsurpassed in his ability to depict light and shadow in his works, until the camera came out. then he got insanely surpassed
You won't believe this one weird old piece of fruit that a mom found behind the trash can. She must have dropped it there. it's so nasty now
I hate it when you buy a rolls royce and they give you all those free vouchers to stay at the ritz. Its like wow, big deal. Whatever dude.
Character I'm working on, the guy who doesnt think king size beds are big enough: What is this, a king? Jeez, hope I don't roll off the edge
Theres something I need to address: theres been a lot of talk lately about how Im a smart, cool guy. You didnt hear it cause you were asleep
"dog this base jumping trip is gonna be fuckin crazy!"<br />Hah, yeah. Just like my wife... my mothafuckin sick ass wife. She loves to base jump.
[everyone singing happy birthday at my party but then only one guy says "and many more"] Oh ok cool. Guess everyone but chad wants me to die
Oh, so I'm an "inconsiderate asshole" just because I act callously toward everyone and I disregard their feelings? Well then fuck you buddy.
Some of you came to Karate school to learn to beat people up, but its more like meditation than fighting. the foam weapons are a coincidence
Friend, quietly: Mike is so annoying with his old timey brass ear trumpet, its like, go back to 1850<br />Me: [putting ear trumpet to ear] WHAT?
You were standing in line at 7-11; I was behind you in line wearing a rappin' Taz shirt with my buddy. we were both inside the same t shirt
You think I don't know that? I've heard the numbers. Don't you fuckin, condescend me you horse's ass [I get up and turn off sesame street]
Hot damn, you see this shit honey? The knife on TV just sliced a tomato after cutting drywall. I guess my plan isnt as stupid as you thought
I guess Im the jerk here. I'm just some total fuckin clown asshole. Im a mondo shitstain asswipe who doesnt know how to conduct himself. I'm
I don't engage haters and negative nancies on social media. That stuff is petty and meaningless. I only do logical, poignant stuff online.
One pizza sandwich please [Everyone at the pizzeria starts throwing pepperonis at me; I fold up my pizza, tuck it under my arm and leave]
Its ironic, as a kid, youre like "grown ups are dumb, they don't get it" but then when you grow up, you're like "duuhh. a bu huuhh. im dumb"
[crawls out from under computer desk wearing mechanics coveralls] Well chief, you got a lotta zeroes but youre running a little low on ones.
Subtotal: $13.75<br />Tax: $1.10<br />Total: $14.85<br />Tip: You'll notice one of the cups is upside down. there is a bug trapped under it. You're welcome
being in an all-percussion band lets me explore many different ideas. My new album is about a town where drums are the only legal instrument
No you don't get it. When the ladies see my shoes are a size too big, they'll think I need the extra room because my feet are still growing.
[Footloose except im dancing in my house the whole time and no one tells me its illegal til the end and Im just like "damn, that was close"]
award presenter in my dream: The award goes to Mike F, his jokes about being a huge stupid buffoon turned out to be not stupid, but smart.
sorry I'm a little low on cash right now, I bought a coffee with 650 espresso shots to impress the people behind me in line. totally worked.
Im not angry, just confused by your motive for even giving me a wedgie. it must suck for you to go around doing illogical shit all the time.
#ff please follow my cool buddy the prospector @pr0spector88 he is very funny
Mike F didn't have a dollar [footage of me broke] but then he started tweeting [now im throwing a single dollar around &amp; picking it back up]
Imagine you spend 50 years learning to use the word "jeepers" perfectly, then you learn no one actually says jeepers anymore. thats  my life
Greetings class of 2017. I am here to speak to you today at this assembly because some of you have been hacking on me to get unfair kills.
Check out my computer screen. 1080p. This cool piece of tape covers up the part of the screen where the computer tried to tell me what to do
as i lay me down to bed<br />bill nye rules and god is dead<br />if i die before i wake<br />science proves that god is fake
Army recruiter: No little dude, you got it twisted. The army NEEDS guys who can play sick bass solos. We're about music and Js and chillin.
[I return home after ditching family for a failed business venture, hang up my hat] Sorry honey, suuuuuper long line at the cigarette store.
Mike F died of a curable disease. "He put up a great fight" said doctors "we tried to give him pills but he kicked them onto the floor. RIP"
I hate the neologism "hang out with" meaning "spend time with". I have never hung out with anyone and no one ever wants to hang out with me
Scalpel... Cool, thanks nurse. Haha Im slicing this fool up... Forceps... Ok... now give me the pizza cutter... haha, look what Im doing now
Ah fuck, I have to drink a shitload tonight, really feeling the pains of my job as an artist. probably sleep in til 11 to get over this pain
Judge: I find the officer guilty of entrapment<br />Cop: [throwing a big net over the judge] oh yeah? Now who's entrapped motherfucker?
I bought you a drink [i go to pass the drink behind my back like its a basketball but I fumble it and spill it on the seat of my jeans]
I tripped and dropped the groceries on the way home, I had to pretend I was having a yard sale to save face. I sold like half of them, sorry
me being interviewed on tv: Basically I spray a pheremone on my body. It makes the zoo animals "go wild"<br />host: Mike this show is about cars
It would be sweet if there was a reality show where one contestant was a beastmaster and his beast activities became the focus of the show
How to make a clay jug: first get your potter's wheel. then get three more potters wheels and make a little car. now drive to the jug store
"I guess I've always had a... "flare" for the dramatic!" - me in an action movie where Im firing a flare gun in a performing arts school
stewardess: Can you stop making plane noises and waving your phone?<br />me: oh you mean take it off airplane mode? I didn't know we were allowed
Supreme court rules that if a cash register breaks while a female employee is working she has to throw herself onto it and they cart it away
Crazy new decision passed down from the supreme court says whoever can climb the tallest tree gets the most healtcare
Judge: I rule that all these guys are jerks; they dont get it. Mike, you totally called it. Youve been acting reasonable for your whole life
If conspiracy theorists overthrow the government, i'll just pretend i was down with them the whole time. What are they gonna read my mind?
15 homeowner tips you won't believe: 15. Make the floor out of a hard material, you're going to be stepping on it a lot more than you think!
I, the judge of this court, determine that the stories you guys made up from your memories are both fake. whoever is shortest goes to jail.
Oh so Im "trashy" just because I live in a pile of trash and I rub the trash on myself and I publish books about how I'm crazy about garbage
the coupon says one per customer. I have two but I dont want to take any risks so act like you dont know me in there. don't fuck me on this.
Hey alexander graham bell, why are you so sad? is it because no one calls you on the stupid phone you invented? none of us have one, genius
I hadn't considered it but I sure as hell am going to start considering it now that you gave me the idea. thanks for the hot tip, sucker
hot dog soup, bachelor style: take the fuckin, hot dogs. put the shit in the water, ass. put salt in in it my bitch. stir the stupid piss fu
Sorry if I seem distant. Its just I have this friend who says wicked cool ass shit about people being "meat skeletons", really blows my mind
The reason you think the pencil looks bendy when you wave it around like that is because you're stupid. you don't know what shit looks like.
Even small acts like picking up one piece of trash can change the world in a huge way. I dont have time to tell you how right now but trust
The 8 string bass is the only instrument that can replicate the sound of 2 guys at guitar center playing the seinfeld theme at the same time
Now when I say I play a multi-stringed bass youre probably thinking of the typical four, or perhaps five at most. This is a childish fallacy
You know the guy who comes in late with red eyes and minty breath? He must love mints. Probably late cause he's eating so many icebreakers.
[I lift up a rock in the garden and I see my haters scurrying around trying to cover up their picnic] Well well well, what do we have here?
I don't know what to do doc. This stupid ironic kid of mine is always riffing on shit. He just fuckin, tries to come up with funny scenarios
1st grade Teacher: Mike F, I need to talk to you about your macaroni picture. its uh... its wicked shitty. what do you have monkey hands?
Itinerary of the world's busiest man: <br />1. Shower<br />2. business meeting<br />3. call out guy online for having too much free time<br />4. business lunch
I first realized that i would never truly "grow up" around age 19. and that's basically the attitude that's carried me through my early 20s.
[I fail the astronaut test] I don't test well ok? jerks. [i fuck up trying to pilot the ship] I dont do well under pressure, want to sue me?
Reporter: Mike F died because the garbage man threw him in the truck. he thought he was garbage.<br />My mom: I think I've heard of that Mike guy
Review of first ever circus clown act: "This is stupid, they are behaving like total buffoons. This 'clowning' business is ripe for parody"
John Hancock, the wildest founding father, once got so slop trash hammered on colonial hooch that he pleaded all the amendments in one night
[typing into google] whats the best way for someones friend to commit a murder. if I had a friend who was a murderer and they needed tips wh
Oh you don't think my case is gonna stick? Well you'll think differently upon viewing this tape [I take out a big ass roll of packing tape]
Mike F arrested again after he was caught trying to dig out with a spoon during a 6 month sentence. hes charged with scratching up the wall.
Wait, you're telling me I can get all the VHS copies of Dragonheart I want for only a dollar each? SOUNDS great but what's the catch buddy?
Sorry, I accidentally photographed you when I was holding my camera up and trying to pick a piece of dust out of the shutter release button.
Thank you to god for buying the ingredients and thank you to Cody for  using squeegees to get the soup back into the pot after i dropped it.
My son just got into yale! and my other son Mike managed to jam his whole leg into a sneaker after getting ripfuck sauced on expensive beers
asshole: the statue of liberty was actually a gift from france<br />me: oh no way. neato [im already texting the cops to come kick this guys ass]
Hold on I think I'm gonna have to turn around here, I'm pretty sure I forgot my keys and my phone. I'm driving right now I'll call you back
Im going to get jackrip pumped off steroids and get a job at mcdonalds cleaning the M sign, then 6 months in i'll flip out and knock it over
let me just put my items on the belt so you can scan them, just some normal food shit. oh am i buying craft stout beers? i didnt even notice
lady at table behind me: sometimes babies get gassy. they can't burp so they get mad and cry<br />me, turning around angrily: its not JUST babies
Sick of this culture of "swag" and "the instagram". I prefer to enjoy art that actually makes me think, like that statue of the guy thinking
[Im sitting on the couch and I hear on TV about how many germs are on our cellphones and I immediately spit my phone out onto the floor]
technically slow and steady only wins the race if the fast guy stops racing before the end of the race so you can catch up to him
You're a one way titty in a two way bra, chumpo. You're a 2 in 1 shampoo and conditioner in a bottle only labeled for shampoo
i got a job at buzzfeed writing cool articles like "THIS event was too racy for TV!", the articles are mostly about foot and bicycle races
Are there rules on the books about throwing merchandise in the in-store trash without paying for it? could i use an air bud defense in court
Judge: Ah, the "Air Bud" defense. Unfortunately as we all know, Air Bud was a weak ass defensive player. I find in favor of the prosecution
oh did i not capitalize the title of the monthly report? oops. my "mistake" [I move my mouse aside to reveal an anarchy sign on my mousepad]
Next on Extreme Fuckshits, meet Mike F. He backs all the way into pull through spaces [cut to me] "I still have to back out when I leave"
Oh youre just putting the olives in a big pile in the middle of the sandwich. thats sweet. I mean I have to throw it away now but thats fine
"What if our whole universe is just an electron in an atom in a bigger universe?" Then the guys there are clearly really big. Next question.
Bet you think you look cool leaning against that wall. Newsflash: if that wall wasn't there you'd fall right over. You'd look like a jackass
I'd love to go mountain climbing with you. let me just go get my stuff [I get my stuff and scale down the backside of the house, escaping]
some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have turds and slime and hot stink garbage thrust upon them
It's almost poetic how this guy expresses his opinions. His thoughts are like poetry in that theyre not specific enough to be wrong, exactly
Sick 70s rock revival band in need of singer who gets really worked up during guitar solos. says stuff like "yeah", "oh yeah", "ah no", etc.
the author doesn't just criticize the wealthy, he also turns his eye on the starving artists. The guy just turns his eye all over the place
"We've been doing incredible stuff in the studio lately, I feel this is gonna be our best album" - some wrong guy from aerosmith or whatever
There is a special place in hell for anyone who wants to chill with me and the boys, and there's a special chair reserved for the nicest guy
in my political cartoon, the president is being fed grapes by a slave, symbolizing the fact that he literally has slaves who feed him grapes
bully: nice car, loser<br />me: [mumbling] it's fast enough to drive away from your bad attitude, jerk<br />bully: what?<br />me: I said your shirt is cool
Stupid kids, rock music died in the 50s. Why don't you listen to chill songs that actually fucking rock like be bop a lu la or tutti frutti?
I saw the best minds of my generation chilling at my house. The guys with the best minds are all my friends and they all think I write good.
You know, you're right. I don't need these possessions. matter of fact I dont even need to be here, i can just take my own life. thanks guy
youre saying we don't technically need to sleep in beds?  hey everyone this guy's a genius. we can all sleep on the floor. he's hookin us up
Imagine if they had facebook in the 1800s. [screenshot of 1800s guys posting about what it would be like if they had facebook in the 1600s]
Ok fine Mr. "the situation isn't as similar to national treasure as you think", I guess the situation isn't EXACTLY like National Treasure.
The future is a dystopia. it's fully bullshit. then one brave teen kickflips over the king and his tantrum is rewarded with ultimate freedom
It's true that not every meal has to be super difficult and impressive, but maybe if it isnt you could stop trying to impress people with it
"sorry my grilled cheese isn't "high class" enough for you" cool but why not apologize for showing me your grilled cheese in the first place
its time music got back to basics. a couple guys, a couple guitars, some guitar pedals, a drum. None of this "keyboard" and uh, "music keys"
music's too complicated today with all the "laptop" and uh "computer laptop". We need to go back to just brasses, strings, woodwinds, percus
And this, milady, is my electronic guitar. I paid for the whole neck but i only ever use the top half, since i'm soloing all the damn time.
I carved a pipe for the guy @brendlewhat . It's made of macassar ebony. http://t.co/epnE1RM0aX
"Oh this blind kid can use echolocation to see!" Yeah. the echo location is over there, where the sound is coming from. i can see it, idiot.
Well not to be pedantic but we didn't EXACTLY open up to each other. you shared a lot but I was just describing scenes from dumb and dumber
Oh we "harmed" animals  during the production of the film? Then what's this pawprint on this written statement  saying  we  didn't?
Sir it's not necessary to conceal your email address like that. Actually no one wants to steal your identity, because it's wicked shitty.
you stupid motherfucker. did I ask for a cup full of ice, or did I ask for a cup of ice.  Come back when you have an actual ice cup, retard
doctor: ah fuck. I'm sorry Mike. the results came back and all your hair is pubes.<br />me: even my head hair?<br />doctor: especially your head hair.
Who here likes good shit? [I hold the mic to the crowd; they go nuts] and who hates bad shit? [crowd starts booing] well you're both correct
Who's the best, most compelling character in literature? Is it rorschach from watchmen? or is it batman from when i was a little baby child
You know how sometimes you pretend to be interested in a toy to make a kid feel good? Anyway thats what i was doing with your life. sorry.
"Actually, fucktard" said the scientist exasperatedly "it would cost 100 lightdollars to turn the space-motron on for even one astro-second"
After discovering that time is money, Newton found that water is also money. He didnt tell anyone though because it was some fucked up shit.
cool guy, ca.1915: Yeah I don't even have a radio. You know you're listening to mostly air with that thing? I'll stick to my victrola thanks
me: You want to try this cocktail i made?<br />friend: sure<br />me: well technically, it's more of a sauce.<br />friend: [looks way less sure than before]
[raises hand during town meeting] Hey, uh, I believe in a lot of stuff about wolves. Any way we could get some wolf stuff on the books here?
You think Im stupid just because I write jokes about stupid characters? Well the characters are me. I'm actually wicked fuckin stupid bitch.
intercom: to the owner of a red ferrari; your headlights are on<br />[I run out to pretend its mine but i bump into the guy who actually owns it]
No man, you don't get it. When we do a cappella, we're just using the human voice as an instrument. Much like how if you drummed on a violin
boss on phone: Mike this pizza is for the pope, dont fuck it up. this guy hates gross shit<br />me: Got it [Im dipping the pizza in toilet water]
No guys, trust me [nobody trusts me] I don't fuck around. When I do a job, I do it right [livestock starts going wild, dogs start biting me]
People think it's cool when you show them your mini fridge but when they find out your oven is an easy bake it's a whole different story.
Welp, its been fun drinkin at this biker bar but I gotta go [I toss my keys up and catch them, become visibly delighted by the jingly sound]
Cant wait til the future when I have to fly a plane to work and use minority report techno gloves to give my alien boss handjobs or whatever
"bring a mosquito net!" Why, so the mosquitoes can shoot hoops? please. I roll around so much in my sleep they wont even be able to find me.
[journalist grabs his coffee by the lid and accidentally squeezes it too hard, spilling it on his suit pants] Stupid fucking millennials...
"You want to know what I find really funny about the post office?" - Guy who's really mad at the post office and not in a joking mood at all
"why does hollywood keep selling me repurposed schlock?!" I don't know dude. Why does mcdonalds keep making burgers instead of obscure soups
Archimedes: Eureka! I gotta go tell the king about this sick bath trick!<br />Archimedes' slave: [rolls eyes, starts cleaning up the bath water]
me: How many calls do I get?<br />cop: one<br />me: What do you think is more likely? a lawyer delivering pizza or a dominos providing legal counsel?
Oh no, that's not mustard, it's paint. I uh, paint houses. I'm a painter. [I get a job painting houses for the rest of my life to save face]
I'll have you know Im not "acting rude," Im actually rude as shit in real life. No, you don't have to "ask me to leave", you have to tell me
Poet: Oh yeah that stuff, that uh, expresses my uh, my thoughts on some important matters. the rhymes were a coincidence. thoughts can rhyme
"if it's so bad why don't you make a better movie?" Joke's on you dude, I already did. It's extremely long and now we're viewing it together
Guy almost busted me conducting some legit business with the tape gun at the post office but I played it off like I was just playing with it
[first day on the job as a secretary] a paperclip? Sure [I try to get up but its clear I used all the paperclips to clip myself to my chair]
[after reading the entire western literary canon] oh I get it.  these characters are all supposed to be total fuckin shitheads.
Big deal, you found a way to "reverse the growth of cancer cells". What are you trying to give us all reverse cancer? Grant denied. Next.
Now for the final test before you graduate police academy... you gotta toke this whole joint. We gotta make sure you're not already a cop.
The director was fired after a brief stint on The Twilight Zone, when it was discovered that he had been secretly dead for the entire time.
kids today wouldn't last one second if I was in school competing with them [bites off a piece of big league chew, spits it out on the floor]
If you dont stop thrashing around back there I swear Im going to turn this cop car around and drive you right back to the crime scene mister
Listen up "boss man", I may do whatever you say at all times, but the joke's on you, because I think rude shit about you almost constantly.
Sir do you know why I pulled you over? For driving under the influence. That "rap" you listen to? Well It was actually influenced by jazz mu
cop: Mike do you know why I pulled you over?<br />me: I don't know, maybe because you're a cop? fuckin idiot.<br />cop: Shit. motherfucker. you got me
Oh you think so huh? We can look this up right now motherfucker. Oh you didn't think I could fit a netbook in these cargo shorts did you?
Are there any cargo shorts that can fit a netbook? I don't know let me look it up [pulls netbook out of back pocket of cargo shorts] Oh wait
You guys are gonna think I'm stupid for saying this, but [my voice is drowned out by everyone raucously agreeing that they think I'm stupid]
Whoa whoa whoa. What the fuck.  Are you putting my groceries in a plastic bag? Those things are death traps. Are you trying to suffocate me?
cop: Alright cut the shit pal. What you're doing here isn't illegal but it's not exceptionally fuckin legal either. you're on thin ice here.
Save it, I know what you're gonna say. "don't slip on the peels from those bananas you're buying!" Yeah I know Ive heard it a thousand times
big retail CEO after hearing I boycotted his store: [punches conference table] Do you fools realize how many tens of dollars youve cost me?
[I take out a million dollar insurance policy on my restaurant, spend months researching arson/fraud, then I burn down the insurance agency]
[listening to rapper talking a bunch of shit on internet trolls and haters] Ah, he probably doesn't mean me. I'm one of the good ones.
if kids spent as much time reading books as they do with their cellphones, untangling the cords or whatever, then we wouldnt be in this mess
"Wasting my time?" You absolute fucktard. Do you not realize that I can stay up literally as late as I feel like? Time means nothing to me.
A ticket? Maybe former president andrew jackson can change your mind... [in andrew jackson voice] Don't give Mike the ticket, hes a good kid
It's true, I can't deny that the advanced weave of my gaming leggings gives me greater agility. Does that make me an athlete? Who can say?
Getting what you want in life is all about just asking for it. Just say "hey, are you gonna finish that?" Oftentimes, they aren't going to.
Judge: Now wait a second Mike. if the other players were hacking, wouldn't that make their kills on you unfair?<br />Me: That's right your honor.
Ladies and gentlemen this is an emergency. Is there anyone on the plane who read the game of thrones books BEFORE the tv show came out?
my search for life's meaning has slowed down lately but its still going strong [opens junk drawer, moves pens around] not in there i guess
Welcome back to the table Cody. This cool guy asked for your seat while you were gone so we said yes. I hope your bathroom trip was worth it
Moses: God you say a lot of stuff here about like "he who wrought", "hath smote" etc. we dont know what those words mean<br />God: shut up bitch
I just wanted to say that although I didn't know the deceased that well, I feel he would have wanted me to take this bouquet for my house.
Let's be clear here: the only reason they kicked me out of that school was because the kids were learning too fast from my harsh truth bombs
schoolbus driver: Whatever braden. If I was allowed back there I could teach you more lessons than you learned in 2nd and 3rd grade combined
[deep voice emanating from the walls] "these clowns? Ugh. Fine. I guess." You hear that honey? Sounds like the house is finally settling.
I'm glad you came to the dog park Alastair. Your intensely specific knowledge of teeth really lent a dark, gritty aesthetic to the afternoon
When you urinate, you only use up like 2% of your body mass. Imagine if you could piss out your entire body and just leave it in the toilet.
Weve discovered through science that you only use 10% of your brain.  So i figure if we just take the rest out we can make like 9 more dudes
You think I'm scared of getting arrested you stupid cop? I love it in jail. The only reason I'm not there now is cause I had an appointment
cop: Hey pal wanna gimme a turkey sub<br />chef: you want mayo?<br />cop: nobody's talkin to you. stop being belligerent or I'll arrest your ass fucko
Ive been expecting you Mr Bond [I hit the height adjustment swiveling my chair around so it looks like im going down in a spinning elevator]
[swivels around in chair] Ah I've been expecting you... [I was actually expecting a pizza but now Im kinda committed to battling james bond]
My dude... DJ Screw would be turning up in his grave right now if he could hear how tight these slaps are.
Me: oh I don't tweet much, just when I think of something funny<br />Lawyer: yeah? Then what are all these [indicating all of my tweets]<br />me: uhhh
Old guy: Im surprised you kids have heard of led zeppelin. Didn't think you guys could hear the radio we play them on literally all the time
You think you're mad? My great grandfather had his dad die in a banana peel accident and he was offended for the whole vaudeville comedy era
[at mime show] you fool! you must conserve your energy if you want to escape that invisible box. stop comically exaggerating your movements
"think about it" said the scientist "Bigfoot is cool. Therefore he can't exist in this shitty world. My life blows and I packed a bad lunch"
I'm glad that you and I are such good friends that we can truly be honest with eachother [proceeds to only talk to you with insults forever]
Am I at work? Yeah haha. Working on a good excuse to not hang out with you my man. Oh wait I got one: Sorry, can't chill today, I got work.
No sir, I understand that all the drinks in this section will give me energy. I'm not a child. What I need is energy specifically for gamers
No thats not how it works dude. My uncle works at a lab, he shows me sneak peeks of particles. they dont let me take pictures or Id show you
Sir this is a drunk driving checkpoint. If you crash, you'll get to start again from here, you won't have to go all the way back to the bar.
I wish the government would just realize the wisdom of small children and allow us to be obsessed with trains &amp; try to eat small train toys
One of my favorite rappers, he was "Notorious" in the '90s for his rhymes. [date visibly perplexed as I put on "Slick Rick's greatest hits"]
Basically any time I learn a fact, I can turn it into a didactic statement about human nature. Thats why everyone's always chilling with me.
Reviewer: Mike F's tweets hearken back to the golden age of slapstick. They really hearken directly to it, to an almost plagiaristic degree
Reporter: Shocking. People on the street, when confronted with the information that the loser says what, will actually themselves say "what"
Cognitive dissonance? Sounds stupid. I dont have time to talk about it right now but I dont really see why i would have it, seems bad to me.
[yelling over gunshots to my army bud as we crouch in blown out school] You ever play any computer games? Like on Steam? Yeah me neither lol
Message to all the mosquitoes/flies out there: My body is my own, it belongs to me, it's not "cool" or "chill" for you to "eat my blood".
[walks into food network kitchen w a bundle of porno mags, turns to camera] Oh hey, didnt see you there. You probably think these are for me
See this shirt? Louis Vuitton made it for me after I taught him a cool sewing trick. I don't even like it though. Can I take you to dinner?
Wow thanks Mabel this homemade sweater is tight. Now I know I made the right choice getting you this "sorry you make shitty sweaters" card.
Not to worry guys. I actually intentionally dropped the coffee right after I bought it, and now Im gonna leave empty handed, as I planned to
[I run over my foot trying to ghost ride the whip in the hospital parking lot and no one comes out to help because they all saw what I did]
Don't try and use reverse psychology on me buddy. I'm a total dumbass over here, I'm just gonna do what you say without thinking about it.
[I'm a baseball catcher only I don't know the hand signals so I'm just flipping the pitcher off and hes trying to throw the ball at my head]
"Oh I was so tired I put OJ in my coffee!" cream and juice come in wildly different containers dude. you did it because you love the taste.
"Anything can be art? so If I just poop on the canvas it's art? A picture of a toilet is art?" Whoa dude stop taking all the good art ideas!
"you catch more flies with honey than you do with vinegar!" - weirdo guy who thinks catching flies is some seriously good shit
Yeah that's right fucker spider, you better run.  You trying to build a web in my house? Fuck off. I eat guys like you in my sleep pal.
[cracks open a keystone light] All Im saying is that the idea of quantum entanglement has some fairly interesting implications for PC gaming
Hold on, I'll get my money [pulls out pile of lint and guitar picks] Oops, forgot I play guitar. Electric by the way. I don't have the money
"Just find a job doing what you love!" Yeah that would be pretty solid advice except you forgot one thing: I actually hate the things I love
"Hah, thats basically programming in a nutshell" - programmers when they see someone trying to do something not that similar to programming
Alright already you clowns.  what kind of  horse and pony show do you think this is. I dont need all these almonds from the tree nut gallery
bragging on facebook about not playing facebook games is like bragging about not drinking the pee when you're playing around in the toilet
Hold on let me see if I have change [pulls out pile of change and a usb mouse] Oh guess that got mixed in with my change. Im a gamer you see
at mcdonalds our burger ingredients are fully normal. Just beef, lettuce, [coughs into hand] the custard from teletubbies [cough], pickles,
No trust babe I'm a fully sick grill master. Learned to grill from my dad. [im drawing grill lines on a raw steak with a charcoal briquette]
Wait, wasn't Mike F supposed to start grilling the steaks a while ago? [guy goes to check and I'm just out there mean muggin all the steaks]
No it's cool babe, I'll fix the car. I learned to do it as a kid from my dad [you look out the window and Im just holding the flashlight]
Look, I'm not saying that honesty isn't a good policy, it's easily top 5, but maybe it's not the BEST? I mean lying is also a solid policy
General, get me on the phone with the guy in charge of video games. I think these "critical hits"  could be fairly useful for the US Army.
son, what you did was extremely respectful. It was good shit to me. Just kidding, I'm doing one of your "irony jokes". you're a shitty kid.
[to self, after bombing at open mic] Mike youre such an idiot. Stick to references everyone knows, like the peanut in the turd from joe dirt
First off, there's nothing funny about me dating my hand you assholes. Secondly I'm technically dating a sock puppet that goes over my hand.
It's tough to bribe cops with money, as they already get paid from the chief.Try offering them cop items such as handcuffs or walkie talkies
I prefer to think of myself as sort of a "renaissance man" of the digital age [pours 28oz of carlo rossi into a big jar with a handle on it]
The problem is no one does chivalry anymore [clips pants together w a safety pin because the button popped off] they're all "surfing" online
Next on the History channel, what if the soldiers who died in WWII became real life "soldier ghosts" [cut to wwII ghost expert] "They did."
Oh Motley Crue is breaking up? Guess I can finally start my band now that theyre done completely dominating rock music for the last 30 years
Judge: Well it seems clear to me that Mike actually has fairly good knowledge of rap mixtapes and isn't a "turbonerd" like you boys claimed.
Most people are too stupid to get as many extra napkins as I do at restaurants. Either theyre too scared to ask, or they don't know its free
I hereby rule that dylan is a 14 year old baby who has been talking shit on the government, and im gonna regulate on his ass with this gavel
Doctor: Nice, nice, reflexes are looking good. Next guy who hits you on the knee is in for the kick of his life. You'll do it automatically.
Welcome to Mafia HQ. This is Fat Louie, hes the drugs man, Tony Calzone handles the guns, and thats Mikey Irony, he thinks of fun scenarios
Say goodnight punk. You've been acting crass towards me and I'm about to ferry you off into the dreamy world of sleep with my good punches.
[kiss from a rose comes on radio] did you know that guy eats 10,000 pounds of fish a year? Wait that might be sea lions I always mix them up
[picking out faucets for my new home] Is there any way you could make it extremely short, but yet have the water gush out all over my shirt?
Mr President, our secret mind control chemtrails aren't working on this one cool guy, he somehow uncovered our plan using web documentaries.
Hello delta force? its me, the president. a mastermind, alias xKillerCody69x is about to fuck up our whole plan by talking about chemtrails.
SIr, we tried to stop the guy from revealing the chemtrail plot, but he had some highly sick guns. we recruited him for the special forces.
Sorry, we don't have any suggestions for haters. We thought you liked movies but I guess you just hate everything. http://t.co/mMhrnjpEUg
[working at dominos, watching the online orders] You pussies hide behind the computer where its safe. come order extra pepperoni to my face.
me: You may not care if I'm a minute late, but you know what? I care. <br />boss: Dude... That's so dope. Come here Mike, I'm promoting you.
Richard Dawkins: Aah fuck I'm dying.  Butler, please tell my publisher to release the book with my apology to God so I can get into heaven.
I'm a writer, I'm working on a play right now. "What's a play" you ask. Well its like a screenplay but I dont want too many people to see it
[49 yr old guy shopping for dishwashers] Do you have any that leave some dirt on the dish? I actually think dirt is cool. Im a punk rocker.
[guy next to me takes out popcorn he snuck in] You want some?<br />me: Yeah, pour it in here [pulls out bag marked 'Evidence for Theater Police']
[at drive thru, loud enough for cars both ahead of and behind me to hear] Yeah I'll take that in EXTRA LARGE. and can I get the MENS VERSION
me: Oh I saw that movie, it sucked<br />friend: It's my favorite movie<br />guy at next table: I wrote it.<br />his friend: Mike still wets the bed I heard
My problem is just that I overthink things. Like you know thinking, the thing that smart guys do? I do it a shitload, thats why im so dumb.
GENESIS 1:2 God made Adam without a dick. he told him his dick was hidden somewhere in the garden, and made him look for it for like a week.
Alright grandma, computer's aaaalmost fixed, I'll just... [runs fingers up and down the keyboard like its a piano] And done. 50 bucks please
Staff of local mcdonalds spends a full hour with cool old man as they try to solve the case of who forgot to order the milkshake he wanted.
If "punching down" isnt funny then why does everyone laugh at me when i talk about how im stupid and how i constantly disenfranchise myself?
Sorry but I can't give you a driver's license after you blazed it up in the test car. You now get a motorcycle license instead Mr. Cool Guy
Sir your loan request is denied, as we are big time jealous haters and we wish we thought of your cool business instead of this shitty bank.
Any time somebody is giving advice on how to seem cool, listen up. No one seems cooler than guys who give out advice all the time.
Character I'm working on, the coolest guy in the world: Hey now fellas. This is a pretty kick ass sears. Y'all got that Toby Keith cologne?
Funny how modern tech is more complicated than just the basics. Anyway peace [puts nickel creek on the walkman, tills garden with leaf rake]
Jazz has had a huge cultural impact, from the influence on Hip Hop to the fact that Duke Ellington thought of the idea for netflix in 1932
the original idea for netflix came from a 1902 song by Leadbelly called "Movies (on my computer screen)" but the people weren't ready for it
"hey Mike try pouring that beer down the side of the glass" circles don't have sides,  stupid ass. [the beer foams up,  spilling everywhere]
if you're asking the guy at the post office if you have your affairs in order for a shipment, it's too late by multiple orders of magnitude
Ahh, Im drunk, I feel like the room is spinning, noo the centrifugal force from the spin is forcing me to leave the room, ahh fuck, later...
please follow my friend @respected_loner , he is a funny guy
i wish i could retweet this an additional time, and then steal it for my own because i love it so much @respected_loner
[And then God made man in his own image]<br />God: There, see how you like having a small dick, fucker. Not so fun is it? Now you know how I feel
It's really challenging being in the small minority of people who still like the good shit like love and being nice, instead of just greed.
People are always giving me shit for being loving and kind, they hate me for being chill. That's why I'm forced to resort to rude behavior.
I bet those crooners from the '50s who sang about hobo life would have gotten wicked snubbed if they ever tried to roll up to a boxcar party
Oh shit... Sorry I broke your cup on purpose as a joke.  I'll fix it with glue.  Do you have an un-cuttable bag I can put the shards into?
Well well well.  It seems life isn't so complicated now that I'm drunk.  Looks like the dumb  asses in my life are about to do some learning
Would I eat a bug if you paid me? Fuckin, of course I would dude. It wouldn't even have to be a bug. I would eat like a raisin or something.
Cops are now getting giant legal bazookas to use on civilians. They will attend a camp to learn to use them, the camp will have a zipline
Wow, I won the oscar, I have so many things to say. First, no YOU take a chill pill derek. and todd? YOU'RE the one who should join the club
Sick of people saying to wake up and smell the coffee. Its like fuck off dude, how would you like it if you woke up to good breakfast smells
Making fun of corporations on twitter is reprehensible. It's like teasing a fat kid on the playground, only hes like a billion times fatter
[giving new employee a tour of the mental hospital] Watch out for this guy, he's crazy about going nuts [makes cuckoo gesture with hands]
[I take off my shirt and you see that I have the cover of the great gatsby as a chest tat] <br />you: Big great gatsby fan I see<br />me: Eh, it's OK
interviewer: Mike this tweet of the guy saying lol, you added it to your favorites?<br />me: Yeah it's one of my favorites. That tweet was tight.
You guys think I'm just the IT guy, just some office drone. Well I have a tough side too [takes off shirt to reveal tattoo of a button down]
imagining a guy who says "big deal" non-sarcastically and its pretty funny. Like you tell him something and hes all "Yeah! Big deal my man!"
you like "beats" by Dr. Dre? You're a fool. The cool thing to do with those heaphones is to get extremely angry about them for some reason.
HOT tips for when you break your own stuff using stupid ape hand maneuvers:<br />- tape it together<br />- glue it<br />- sort of try and jam it together
BOSS: Hey, social media intern, how is our social media going?<br />INTERN: Everyone is a pussy sir. They're too scared to talk shit to our faces
You're real tough hiding behind the computer, using your words. You're lucky I don't want to cut my hands on the screen glass or I'd get you
reviews for my new book "how to be funny":<br />"Why is Mike F writing this"<br />"Were there no funny guys available"<br />"how to be funny lookin maybe"
U2's new album, titled U2: Still Rockin Out and Killin It, is rumored by members of the band to be their best and most mature work to date.
me: Computer, zoom in, enhance...<br />nerd: actually, that's not how i-<br />computer: shut up bitch. beep boop bop. image now enhanced<br />me: thank you
if you rob a bank, try to do a moonwalk type maneuver. It will look like you're just walking in with the money and they won't call the cops
[moonwalking out of bank with money] Ahh help me, im trying to walk forward but im going backwards! Look at my forward foot motions! Oh nooo
Cool prank to do on your friends: Put a sign on them saying "Nobody Kick Me" to protect them from enemy kicks. more of a favor than a prank
[downs strawberry kiwi drinkable yogurt in a single swig, crushes the plastic jug in my fist] What did you just say to me you fucking punk?
Actually, [spits into a spittoon so hard that it falls over] PIN stands for personal identification number. you're being redundant.
I might go to your party if I can get it into my schedule. Im really bad at scheduling. One time I backed over my calendar in the driveway.
[I pull out a J at a campfire, then a cop car rolls into the clearing flashing its lights and everyone pushes me into the fire and runs off]
You laugh at my stupid irony, but where are you when I have to act super extra sincere to seem like Im even the normal amount of sincere
CEO: I've been noticing this employee Mike F that you have. he seems to have a kind of bad ass tortured soul. Give him two big raises, on me
Sir your child has been in a hot car all day while you drive around listening to tool? He's going to become a nerd, he needs some chill jams
DiaperFan311: alright you clowns,  I've been following this diaper law discussion from day one and you all sound like idiots.  I'm a lawyer.
I used to want to be a garbage man when I grew up. How ironic that now they throw me in the garbage truck every week and I have to climb out
You may think I'm crazy or insightful for saying so, but [takes big bite out of the whipped cream on my drink] maybe death isn't always bad.
Chad, Jeremy, Kyle. I've gathered you here in my trick parlor to see what tricks you can do. The first one to do a flip will get a free ipod
You think all gun owners are "nuts"? [puts legs up on chair one at a time, zips off bottoms of my camo pants to reveal knee high camo socks]
Publisher: Mike we can't accept your children's book. It's far too stupid for even the stupidest child.<br />me: It was supposed to be for adults
Stupid baby boomers fucked up my romantic expectations with cool horror films. I expect every romantic partner to be the devil and kill me.
Spending thousands on a diamond ring is stupid. I got you this ring made of bones (hard) and train metal (I like trains). Its more romantic.
Wow baby I'm so impressed by how meaningful and romantic this $250 ring made of tungsten and moon garbage is. Way better than gold and gems
Tip: How to tell the time if you're in the woods: Hold your wrist up and see if there's a watch on it. If not it's time to get a watch haha
[i give a kid a really bad gift; his mom tells him to be nice cause i worked hard on it but im shaking my head at the kid like "no i didnt"]
You know that indescribable feeling that we all shared after 9/11? Our collective emotion, as a nation? Thats how I feel about you baby
take a quiz to find out my personality type? thanks but no thanks dude, i already know it. "underachieving lazy intellectual slacker genius"
Ok I'll take the drug test but before I do, I think you officers should know that my drug dealer neighbor has been hiding his weed in my pee
[as I'm showing you grateful dead mp3s] now the first trippy thing about these guys is the name. It's like, grateful for being dead? Whaaat?
Sir? the table of hot ladies over there wanted to know what song you were drumming on the bar. they said it seemed very fast and impressive.
Hello, 411 information services... You just want the phone number? Well here's some information you might find useful: its in the phonebook.
oh you like every kind of music? perfect [I put on a jazzed up version of "When The Saints Go Marching In" and start snapping along with it]
In the 1950s, americans became sick of just regular christmas songs, and they called out for jazzed up reworkings by drunk guys in suits
Airport security, we're detaining you sir. You said your phone was "the bomb." no we're aware of the slang term,  that's why we're doing it.
Sir, all I ask is that you give me one hundred more chances to prove myself. I probably won't even need that many but better safe than sorry
"excuse me sir you're standing on my bag" Ah yes. That's usually one of the first things people notice about me.
me: we thank the lord for these fine grapes. We're berry grapeful haha<br />god: [smites the grapes, they turn to ash] You think grace is a joke?
I was worried netflix wouldn't be able to figure out that I like smart childrens movies in addition to stupid adult movies, but they managed
I'm easily smart enough to start a successful business. my problem is that i'm too lazy. my second problem is that i'm also far too stupid.
You boys probably think Im stupid cause I got my head caught in this railing. Well once I get unstuck Ill teach you not to think stupid shit
you ready for some shocking truth? the beatles are over rated. Not bad, just over rated. i guess what im saying here is the beatles are good
Doctor: Oh shit you might want to stop eating grains, your body is trying to tell you by writing "Fuck All Grains" on your back with moles
Make sure you write fragile on your package before you mail it so you can get mad when the conveyor belts throw it around indiscriminately
Cashier: you hear about that child molester?<br />me: [I punch the counter so hard the register pops open] sorry,  that shit just pisses me off.
"You know how if you look at stuff sometimes it looks cool or interesting? My work is kind of a meditation on that" - every photographer
God damn it. people always think I'm mad when really I'm just laughing at their stupidity... It just makes me so angry, from the amusement.
I hereby rule that everyone's testimony sounded like lies and memory is fake and it tricks us cruelly. just to be safe everyone goes to jail
No I'm not mad you missed my birthday party, I'm having another party tomorrow. here let me send you the address: https://t.co/CmktbBONNO
OK, my male enhancement surgery is all scheduled, let me just put the address into google maps... https://t.co/CmktbBONNO Wait a minute...
[i grab a quarter off the ground, everyone starts whispering]<br />"is that his quarter"<br />"isnt that dirty?"<br />"i think i saw a kid drop it earlier"
Yeah sure, I'll be friends with you [I move in like I'm going to shake your hand but I reach past it and run my hand through your hair]
Guy: the hot dogs are good,  it's not actual dog meat though right?<br />Hot dog inventor: it's... beef. It just tastes different from uh, spices
sorry Im late boss. A ruthless teen was playing the knockout game in my driveway earlier and he knocked me out when I tried to leave on time
it's cool when people argue on this stupid website and both put periods in front of the @, because they're not actually talking to eachother
[I go to heaven, its locked so I call god and hes like "ah fuck sorry Mike, we all went to Heaven 2. We'll be back in like a billion years"]
Nice religious imagery grandpa you ass, why not try images that are actually cool to me and my friends, like a couple fuckin pieces of weed.
"these things are just awful,  they never work" - person using a totally functional pin pad, right after someone else used it successfully
"I heard the guitarist for that band once cut his hand at a show by hitting a power cord too hard"<br />Me, age 14: that guy sounds very talented
Hey, my name is Coby, I'm 14 years old, and I'm saving up to buy a robot arm that can simultaneously shred sick guitar solos and jerk me off
I mean, [cuts like a full third of my cigar off with the cigar cutter] I just think we've lost sight of what the founding fathers intended.
Honey come here! this ironic guy on twitter is doing good satire on the mentos and coke thing. he clearly gets it, he's just riffing on it
loud guy sitting at the kids table: you dummy kids don't get it, money doesn't grow on trees. I eat slices of pizza with a knife and fork.
Self help book: stop hanging out with negative people<br />Me: cool,  thanks book.  Not like you're totally blowing up my spot here. Sweet.
Poor men have it. Rich men need it. It is more terrible than the devil. It is greater than God. If you eat it, you will die. Diarrhea
[i put down my drink to make a joke ironically satirizing the idea of coasters, when I pick it back up theres a big water ring on the table]
I like noise music because it makes me think. For example: why don't we use ice machines instead of pianos. they sound just as good to me
He was found with a deadly cocktail of drugs in his system. Next door Mike F was found lamping, with a tasty cocktail of juices and liquors.
you don't know how good you have it with your "craft beer" and "ironic detachment". We had to drink water and we actually got mad about it.
"hot boxing"- a slang term for when teens gather around a mysteriously hot cube for warmth. ie "the block is hot, that means we can hot box"
Thats right your honor, I was the first one to think of doing a new star trek movie. I initially got the idea when I was watching star trek.
I defy you to name one millennial who can make a decent cocktail [tips glass back to take a sip and slurps my cocktail like it's a hot soup]
my teachers who doubted me would feel like idiots If they knew I had learned the truth of how the US government committed the crimes of 9/11
Id like to find the 3rd grade art teacher who told me Id never make real art and tell her about how bush intentionally demolished the towers
You can't fire me from the library for moving all the ayn rand books into the non-fiction section. I do this service in a volunteer capacity
these mindless fucks on fox news, they're like "republicans are great, Im so stupid". It's like yeah, uh, you're right about the second part
Office Boss: I need your password.<br />Programmer: Uh... It's 123_My_Boss_Is_The_Biggest_Bitch_Alive_XXX_Computer_Coding_Is_Gay_12345. No spaces
A person died, and let me guess, you all think it's bad. Well let me strip away the veneers of modern society for you: it was actually good.
Mike Im a military recruiter. We've noticed your gamer score. Just wanted to tell you in advance, don't sign up for the army, we're all set.
Dumb parents. Send your kids to me, I'll teach em the value of a dollar.<br />[later, talking to kids] its like uh... you ever seen 100 pennies?
It only costs $20,000? That's nothing. my bank account would just round that down to 0. If i saw 20k in the take a penny tray I'd leave it
economists are pissed at one cool guy who discovered that money is just pieces of paper, they tried to pay him to shut up but he didnt care
acquaintance: what did you do over the weekend Mike?<br />me: (making up a lie to sound cooler than i actually am] uh, i played some video games.
thank you all for being so understanding. except for Devon, who didn't understand at first until it was explained to him. Devon can fuck off
[I invent the time machine,  and go back right past Hitler to steal the wheelbarrow of cash from that lady in that great depression photo]
announcer: Mike's a true visionary. The man we saw microwaving hot dogs earlier is the same man seen here enjoying a late night hot dog meal
who cares if people like your writing. I do it for myself. didnt even realize people could read this stuff. I just put it online by accident
a doop a doop a doo, just fumblin around here, writing for pleasure, oh oops! i accidentally dropped it in a submissions box for publishing!
mechanic: Looks like the problem is your serpentine belt<br />me: [touching my gold snake head belt buckle] look me in my eyes and say that again
[I'm standing under a banner that says Joke Festival organizing comedy papers when someone tries to prank me] this is NOT the time for jokes
no need to be ashamed that you slipped on dog shit, slid all the way down the stairs, ripped your jeans and barfed. happens to lots of guys
People say the titanic was a disaster. Oh it sunk, boo hoo. Two years later the submarine was invented. guess sinking isn't so bad, haters.
the wife walked in when I was assembling my dildo out of a briefcase like a sniper rifle, screwing silencers on it, adjusting the scope, etc
Ever wonder why artists and creatives understand the world so much better, but yet they're sad? I guess it's up to artists to figure it out.
people are too scared to tackle the easy issues, like whether the water on top of yogurt is good or bad. Well party's over, clowns. It's bad
[working at guitar center] sir, your riffs are off the chain. have you ever considered playing electric instead? and also not using an amp?
"bro are you crying right now? I thought we  were hanging out"<br />Dog... we ARE hanging out. These are tears of chilling. Im just so relaxed...
Cashier: anything to drink?<br />Me: yeah I'll have a drink at full price  [I roll my eyes, get the jug from my bag and go to the soda fountain]
Matt Damon to release two sequels to the cool movie where he buys a  zoo: "I Bought a House", "Oops, Bought a Car On The Way Home From Work"
Me: [slightly funny joke]<br />Other guy: oh you're just too funny.<br />Me: [under breath] shit, this guy has an insanely low threshold for comedy
It's not fuckin fair your honor. This man is a hacker, he's doing "life hacks" to get an unfair advantage over me using cheap strategies.
Everyone is happy in heaven except for God.  He still gets super frustrated when dudes jack off. Hes pissed but he cant do anything about it
Local mayor reveals plans to spend entire budget on building a big road out of town, citing "I need to get out of this boring bullshit town"
No, actually I hate gambling, that's why the dice on my shirt are on fire. If I see someone start to gamble I'll burn up his gambling dice.
me: [year 2075, me and the boys are trenching the entire planet with huge iron computer shovels]<br />hippies: nooo, you're killing mother earth!
chefs at outback steakhouse are required to do australian accents and say stuff about shrimp on the barbie when they cook the shrimp dishes
an artist can create amazing works of art even with low quality tools. except for photographers, those guys need some pretty good equipment
Greetings my friends. Today I am going to dump hot water on my head in the shower. It will be for research on why this earth is so gay.
My bad, I didn't realize that me getting real would piss you off so much. Except I did realize it. People are always pissed when I get real.
Fucktard: if you look at the evidence you'll notice-<br />Me: cool it, fucktard. it takes a lot more than evidence to get me to notice something.
[cop blows the smoke from his gun barrel after shooting me dead] its cool guys. The little fucker was gonna make breakfast sausage at dinner
[cop holds gun sideways at a teen] yeah? And just what were you doing drinking iced coffee in the winter anyway? And at night? Not a chance
oh, you found something that makes you feel good and you're sticking with it? sticking to your guns? thats called defeat hombre. aka losing.
list of things tesla invented but never received credit for:<br />- wires<br />- radio<br />- gas mask bong<br />- jerking off with one hand instead of 2<br />- cars
soldier: holy shit mike did you just swallow that bomb, swell up when it exploded and then go back to normal?<br />me: yeah i saw it on cartoons
judge: i rule in favor of mike. he clearly has the skills to do good free throws and even dunks, but this company sold him a fucked up ball.
"these vines actually climb up the trunks of the trees" no they don't dumbass, they're still on the ground. they're just next to the trees.
[leaning against a tree] look at me, I'm climbing this tree everyone! not. fuck off stupid vines, i'm not impressed by your climbing skills.
the climbing plant industry that sells vines for the sides of houses is going to be devastated tomorrow when they read my ruthless takedown.
a group of persuasive teens was smoking in my shed but when i called the cops they convinced the officer to kick me out of the house instead
me: 1 dirty martini please.<br />Bartender: Cody! We got a dirty martini here! [dishwasher grabs a dirty glass out of the sink,  tosses it over]
[traipses through some foothills for half a day, falls over a bunch, cries] alright ive seen enough, mountain climbing is bad. roll out boys
psychiatrist: Oh shit, you think you're bad? fuuuck dude, it says here that if you think that you need to buy my pills, and my friend's book
republican: i would like to address boring economy issues. i don't own any rap mixtapes.<br />democrat: [cupping hand to ear] I can't heear yoou!
youre cruisin for a bruisin pal. youre on the way to get punched all day. youre speedin for a beatin. youre on the list for gettin me pissed
harsh liquors dont faze me, i have a tough palate. you could probably pee in my mouth and i wouldnt even notice. i eat spiders when im awake
disaster at go kart race, 5 guys with scraped knees. its like the plane crash that killed buddy holly and the big bopper of go kart racing
cool pickup line to use: "hey, you buying granola? what do they sell that by the pound? so tight. its crazy, im just restoring this old car"
was just seeing if you had any unbiased newspapers, but I guess they already brainwashed you [leaves, goes down stairs sideways like a dog]
Colorblind guy, middle ages: what if the colors you see, are different from the ones I  see?<br />Doctors: hah, get a load of this fuckin hippie.
[me, bar tending][i put a glass down, I pour water in it. i do a fancy bottle flip and put in beer. i twirl around and top it off with milk]
"pour that beer down the side of the glass!" and then what, drink it off the bar? thanks but i'll take my chances pouring it INTO the glass
happy anniversary babe, i got you a 9 piece order of chicken nuggets. yeah it's a new size, it has one less nugget but the box still says 10
subway is stupid, i can just buy ingredients and make a cheaper sandwich myself. actually if I bought extra ingredients i could even sell th
general: mr. president, this soldier mike f is incredible. he no scoped a guy from across the map. he deserves a medal<br />president: the "map"?
that's one of the last straws. I'm going to throw a small tantrum, then continue putting up with both this bullshit and all future bullshit.
[referring to something I said ~6 months ago about movies] and I'm not just talking about movies either! It could be TV shows, games, films,
your honor, my client cant make it in. No hes legit, you wouldn't know him, he goes to a different court. He's busy doing innocent guy stuff
morons just blindly following an arbitrary belief system. these buffoons actually commit to ideas and then act on them. look at these clowns
come check out hitler club. its not the hitler you're thinking of <br />[ushers you in, closes door, looks around]<br />it actually is the same hitler
dumbass, you left your profile logged in. dont you know i can hack you easily with that? i mean i dont know the steps but im a fast learner.
What happened. Why are they all telling me my joke http://t.co/kD5bkjDBrX
Excuse me? Sir? You don't need to conceal your PIN.  I probably couldn't figure out how to steal your money even if you gave me your wallet.
its official, the amount of old guys who say 'phat' as a parody of slang has far surpassed the amount of people who ever said it for real
old guy: whos this rapper "half dollar"?<br />me, 2004: hes called 50 cent, dont be a dick old man<br />me now: i genuinely dont know who you mean sir
lets talk Hip Hop culture [pulls up chair, sits backwards] [when i hear "rap" the first thing that comes to mind is debbie harry on Rapture]
Look I don't ask for much, all I want is for everyone to know all the stuff that I know, and for some of them to know some additional things
please. I have everything it takes to start a farm. hay, livestock, this spinning wheel that tells me what noises the animals make, tractor,
check out this crazy drawing i made. believe it or not its all straight lines! [it's very obviously about six straight lines, its not crazy]
I would never listen to this song normally but the parody is soo good. i mean the jokes aren't amazing but its so accurate. it's just catchy
it's ironic, most people only like the beatles for their early pop material. they don't know that they had a cool, trippy period as well.
Recommended dosage: 250mg<br />Effective dosage: 350mg<br />Dosage you actually need to trip balls: at least like 700mg<br />What are you a bitch: Try 1000
People think rap is all about dumb shit like "bling" and "swag", but there are many good parts to it as well:<br />- flows<br />- raps<br />- uh... swag<br />-
Now, motherfuckers, im going to live tweet the event, so you can experience a normal tv show via online text courtesy of my big stupid brain
no you see, normally i wouldn't watch this, im just live tweeting it for my followers. they love tv but they cant figure out how to watch it
me being cool online: ha. why don't you uh, cut out mentioning me, rando. oh look at marlon rando over here getting on my mentions. fuck off
if im saying something and it sounds kind of stupid, its ironic, i believe the opposite. if it sounds extremely stupid, its my real opinion.
Jesus then flipped all the tables at the temple, which was his signature move. Later at lunch he kicked a table, spilling everyone's drinks
Dawn of the Planet of the Guys Who Speak Exclusively In Broken English part 2: Rise of the Really Easy to Write Dialogue
beer maker: the flavor of this pumkin pie is nice. but you know what would really take it to the next level? some nasty wheat juice flavor.
my biggest regrets<br />-became a hater due to jealousy<br />-live in basement<br />-soulja boy out there gettin money an i go to college to study gay porn
art major huh? better get used to saying "can i get fries with that" hahaha. art guys love to order fries I think? it's something like that.
"mike peed his pants!"<br />me: its just water<br />reporter: this just in: nope, its pee<br />scientist: the wet spot is near his dick. def looks like pee
me: None of you saw me<br />bystanders: got it<br />me: cool<br />God, big booming voice, audible everywhere: I didnt see your crime Mike<br />me: uh... thanks
the title says mature, but the way this lady keeps distracting the plumber is extremely childish. hes here to fix the toilet leave him alone
in high society it's forbidden to say stuff like "taking a dump." instead you have to use a euphemism, e.g. "I'm making the turd's gambit"
all of a sudden it hit me like a ton of dames giving me the bums rush: the dame's gams left the trolley at the same time as the dame herself
A lot of people out there are too scared to say it but not me. I have to get to work right now but i'll say it later for sure. im not scared
I dont even mind rain, the noise is actually relaxing to me due to my good attitude. sunshine and dryness can fuck off, rain is where its at
I hate to sound like a broken record here, but I've defined myself based on a benchmark of achievement that doesn't really apply anymore
im not into steampunk for the image. i just got kicked out of mechanic school because i couldnt understand anything more complex than steam.
life is too short to be sad all the time; realistically the best you can hope for is to be sad for about 100 years of it. eventually you die
eulogizer at my funeral: people weren't ready for Mike's ideas. In many ways we still aren't. the ideas still seem incredibly stupid to us.
if i get a job writing jokes, I will immediately start hating comedy. writing in my spare time about how jokes suck will be my new passion.
fucking stupid consumerists. every time i go to the store i see these clowns out there buying stuff. Its like, youre holding up the line pal
"this will give you a new perspective on cats!" no it wont. nothing will ever do that again. the last new perspective was discovered in 2009
got a spam email saying "Urgent: Hello Im Thomas Peterfly. I'm in contact with you about Porch Potty" and its way cooler than my real emails
Go ahead, indulge. You deserve it. Spoon our pudding slop into your mouth. You earned it. You made your own bed on this one you sick freak.
seeing this idiot on the news is scary. Im just so wise; i get scared of the TV guy's opinion. my wisdom makes me think hes coming to get me
RIP to Mike F, tried to crush a beer can against his head but he still has a soft spot on his skull like a baby and he broke his dome open
after his suicide. friends and family were completely surprised. surprised he didnt do it sooner haha. guy was sad like all day every day
Alright jerks, cut the shit. I don't piss in my bed anymore, I sorted that out when I was 19. I sleep in the toilet now
[guy in booth behind me says obama is trying for a third term, i spin around so fast to agree with him that i knock over my chocolate milk]
[i ask the waiter to make sure my wife doesnt steal my fries while im in the bathroom; she does, he signals me and i leave without paying]
IRS: So fuckin sick of these websites; TaxSlayer, TaxDestroyer, TaxFucker. their devil may care attitude is ruining taxes, which are my jam.
me: opposite of progress? congress. constitution? prostitution. the bill of rights? try wrongs<br />everyone else: holy shit this guy is so fresh
can you say the flavors again? i stopped listening at toasted almond, i was picturing you tryin to get the little almonds out of the toaster
[i see you reading a book at the coffee shop, i grab it and look at the cover] sorry i was just seeing if i wrote it. I'm a writer you see.
for a teacher youre kinda stupid. If my daughter doesnt wear 18 inch heels to school, how can her tiny feet reach the pedals of her escalade
the 5 most destructive things in the world? pardon me if im about to blow your mind:<br />-church<br />-government<br />-fund raisers<br />-charity<br />-bake sales
ok class, today we are studying FairlyChillProfessorWhoGetsLaidOnTheReg Disorder. lets open up the textbooks I wrote and see who has it...
yeah let me just get a job doing what i love. i hear there's a real dearth of labor in the Just Straight Kickin It And Blazeing Up Industry
Yeah I love humor. like if my friends are getting silly, I'll say "real mature". the joke is they're not being mature, its childish bullshit
mtv cribs host: how do you keep the hotdogs warm?<br />me: thats the best part [opens big drawer of boiling hot dog water, it sloshes everywhere]
[guy jokingly refers to america as 'murica, everyone starts applauding; I basically hork up a damn lung from laughing my shit off so hard]
[i look up "dumbass" in the dictionary and its just a picture of a guy i don't know] man... if i ever meet this guy i could totally burn him
disclaimer: i don't own this, i didn't write the song, ive never even heard of it, my friend made me upload it, i was like john cougar who?
Hot Cooking Tip: organize your drawers to make cooking easier. Don't forget to label everything! http://t.co/B3tidiDX4l
me: sorry if im in a bad mood, im quitting drinking.<br />everyone else: mike we no longer keep track of the specific amount of bad your mood is
Sir i have to ask you to leave the theater, and go into a second movie so more patrons can hear your good riffing. youre going off right now
interest check: how many people would pre order a book by me? and unrelatedly, how many of them would demand a refund if it didn't come out?
i guess im kind of a beer and sex nerd. im just a total dorkus about drinking beers and getting it on with hot babes. and Im a sports geek
Welcome to IT my man. Well management calls us that, we call ourselves "the silly fun clown bunch," we have kind of a twisted sense of humor
new lunchables pizza extreme<br />1. get the crust out<br />2. put the toppings on there<br />3. pull the rip cord<br />4. this pizza's about to "get rippin"
Oh wow, nice driving there pal, I'm real impressed [I take both hands off the wheel to applaud sarcastically, almost hitting the guard rail]
I wouldn't have felt so bad about getting rejected after that interview if I hadn't watched them hire two kids in a trench coat after I left
[me and my adult friend sneak into chuck e cheese hiding under a huge trenchcoat]<br />employee [whispering]: yo whats with this super tall kid?
please follow these guys, they are the best guys online, they're top notch i mean it @DinkMagic @wheatretard @pr0spector88 and @heynerditsme
sick of media bias and double standards. nobody reports on the countless straight fathers who are kicked out of their homes by their gay son
ghost riding the whip went out of fashion some time ago, but good luck looking cool while telling that to a guy who's ghost riding his whip
There's no way that happened dude. That would be like if I tried to come up with an analogy to prove you wrong and i couldn't think of one.
Cop: Mike this kid's a pot smoker, he's always popping breath mints<br />Me: that's a no go chief.  If he was high, he'd forget to eat the mints.
Cop searching my car: whats this,  trash? Gross. Oh, Queen's greatest hits? What, you dont have time for the deep cuts? I'll fuck you up kid
theres a lady whos sure<br />all that glitters is gold <br />only shooting stars break the mold<br />theres a band of my friends<br />who sing songs of my benz
Fuuuck dude. accidentally stomped my computer. guess now you cant show me that key &amp; peele skit. [punches dresser] im so fuckin disappointed
most people only like bananas for the bright yellow peel, the color excites them. but i actually appreciate the flavor of the fruit within.
[reads over 1,000 political tweets by a smart guy, the only one i get is one about eating cereal right out of the box] man, this guy gets it
my phone doesnt vibrate anymore when people like my tweets. im not quitting twitter because of it yet, but don't be surprised if i do.
this is the last straw, you've disrespected my computer hobby for the final time [picks up phone, makes "9-1-1" touchtone noises with mouth]
[investigators find my suicide note next to my body, the note tries to play it off like i did it in a smooth way but they're not buying it]
oh no my education is making me sad again. im just so smart and wise that i cant figure out anything. im just a big sad incredibly wise baby
as a kid when i heard ads say "standing room only" i thought they said stanley ramonely. i thought he opened for a lot of acts. im a dumbass
You may have the last laugh now, but we'll continue this discussion later when Im alone in my car pretending to be a stupider version of you
Look, I like the beach, I like to go there and have fun. But I'm not one of those losers who's like "oh I like the beach, its so fun there"
nothing in your sleeve? yeah no shit buddy. what about the hat? it's probably in th- oh the hat's empty too? damn this guy is so on point.
wow, sweet shortcut, magellan. saved so much time. just fuckin sail around it at that point dude who are you kidding http://t.co/C33PiXlocJ
its crazy, the jokes in this kid show are so wildly good to me as an adult. oh man this one's good too. must be some channel for genius kids
The world's top violinist played in a subway station for free; but no one stopped to listen, because the guy actually fuckin sucks at violin
we hired a musician to play at a bus stop, an elevator, and the middle of a flight of stairs but no one stopped because they hate good music
Oops! I wanted to show off my furniture leg but now everyone knows Im a strong sensitive intellectual who owns snakes http://t.co/DvmrST5fM2
it's ironic, at the barber shop they call it a "permanent" but every time i get one everyone else calls it a "wicked dumb looking haircut"
smart, thoughtful hollywood censorship committee: dont use profane words, they're crass and vulgar<br />emotionally stunted artist: poop butt ass
time to do ironic jokes on some relatable ass shit. How about starbucks coffee?  Imagine some silly guy acting random in there.  Funny shit.
Barber: wow, your hair is really thick. <br />Me: thanks, it's actually millions of tiny thinner hairs, it just looks like one piece
Stupid librarian. Youre a fool to let me use your computer, I could be looking up fucked up shit on here. I know all the fucked up websites.
Get out of my way stupid old man, I need to use your computer to watch web documentaries and look at knife pictures from cutlery wholesalers
Actually Im not texting, it's called IMDB. It's a database of movies, dick, ever heard of them? We're at one right now if you hadn't noticed
Art is very challenging to make, but I make it look easy. I also make it be easy by doing very easy and simple art.
No you don't get it dummy, it's not about death, it's a celebration of life. It's just this dude died right before his big life celebration.
sarcastic responses discourage genuine discourse, because people instinctively understand that sarcasm is way cooler when they see it happen
Yeah you know, I mean sure I believe there can be philosophy in games [sips coffee,  crosses legs] after all, what is life, if not a game?
if i was that guy who ate an airplane, I would get arrested for murder, then for my final meal i would request an airplane and escape in it.
some loser: Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery<br />me: [nasally voice] uh, Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery you guys. i suck
Carving some trippy ass shells and flowers on some footstool legs; before and after http://t.co/WrGEn5b3Hq
Thats just Mike F. He calls himself stupid a lot because he thinks it makes him seem smart, but hes actually the biggest retard of all time.
you're tellin me we didn't kick saddam's ass? [my finger slips off the top of my straw and i spill the soda i was holding in it on my food]
Its going to really suck one of these days when i step out of the handicap stall and a guy in a wheelchair is ice grillin the shit out of me
ah fuck. neighbor captured and ate my son, and it's legal under "get your dinner" laws. can't get mad at him though, he didn't write the law
Dude you haven't seen the scorpion king? Just fucking... we are watching that shit right now. You're going to love it. Let me get my dvd out
you better be joking. If this isn't a joke I'm very pissed off.  Seems like a joke but I need you to know about my potential for getting mad
Hello? Is this the ceo of subway? The guy making my sub just went to the bathroom and he brought the sandwich with him. Is that normal?
This book is nothing but crass toilet humour, and I shan't read it *I throw it in the toilet and accidentally laugh at the plopping sound*
me? I just work at a bakery, we specialize in custom pies. Yeah it's pretty cool actually. Hm? The name of the place? It's called dominos.
I'm as freee as a bird<br />Not one in a cage but a free one<br />And you can't put it in a cage<br />It's an uncatchable bird<br />And Its liquid metal like T2
lame old guy, listening to 90s rap: oh yeah stacking them benjamins<br />cool teenager born post 9/11: what like benjamin button? shut up old man
dont worry mom, history will absolve me of wasting my entire youth making bad posts online as it has forgiven grandpa for his immense racism
nerd: when you pee, some of the piss particles can splash up into your mouth<br />me: [sipping mug of piss] yeah? And whats the gross part again?
Normal guy: wow, no manners. These people online are so rude.<br />Me: [butthead voice] irony is funny lol [beavis voice] huhu yeah, manners suck
They used to make fun of me for wearing my chainmail to work, until I asked them to stop.  They did but I can tell they're still not into it
People didn't think my office helmet was cool, until I made HR hold that meeting where we all sat around the table admitting that it's cool.
Today we learn about aggregators. What is an aggregator you ask. Aggregators are characterized by a rounded snout, while crogrodiles tend to
got a job interview today, wish me luck. bad luck that is haha. i don't care what you think bitch im getting a job. i dont need luck anymore
me if i was in classic 70s film The Network: I'm not even mad, im just laughing about this whole situation, and Im not gonna take it anymore
tomorrow is sept 16, 2014; a tuesday. the last time this happened was 16 years ago, it wont happen again for another 2014 years. incredible.
its funny reading the news. i see all the fake stories and im like, tell it to someone who's not smart about politics guys. Im not buyin it.
cop: do you know anyone who would have wanted to hurt Mike?<br />[my mom opens the closet, drags out a giant dusty tome titled "Mike F's Haters"]
looking forward to the future when i tell my kids how i used to be cool, and they call me out for being a huge fucker moron liar to my face.
my son: Yeah i heard you. you used to be cool. you were real cool making your jokes on that twitter thing. ever heard of holograms, fucklord
[someone shows me some extremely fucked up shit] Yeah... thats kinda fucked up i guess. guess Im just desensitized, from my websites i go to
The reason we can't have a libertarian paradise is because the other countries would be too jealous. [misses fries and dips hand in ketchup]
"the seven seas" is a misnomer. In the 15th century they hadnt found all the seas yet. a modern sailor would say instead "the oceans eleven"
[overhears guy saying economy is bad] <br />[later, at family dinner] no trust me, the last thing you want is an economy. those things are so bad
Yeah your kid needs  glasses alright. A couple of damn glasses of wine. We're trying to make him cool here, not make him look like a nerd.
ha, stupid child prodigy. probably gonna burn out at a young age. unlike me, the cool non-jealous guy who has been getting steadily happier.
People are so callous and fickle. they laugh when i try to make funny jokes, but not when im getting real, and whining about my sad feelings
im into pretty obscure shit. [casually leans on wall to hide pulp fiction poster, casually stretching arm out to hide margaritaville poster]
dude no need to yell at me. i already can tell you're pissed from your subtle microexpressions. theyre involuntary but i can pick up on them
Go ahead, laugh cause I tore my pants and got a nosebleed bending down to see if my shoes were tied. you look stupid for saying they weren't
me? my preferred method of self expression is furniture [everyone in immediate vicinity frantically pretends to give a shit about furniture]
you laugh because i wear those gi pants with neon stitching and chains; too bad i cant hear you over the loud whooshing and clanking sounds.
whites talk shit on black guys being loud at the movies, but they act the same way at live magic shows and around bubble blowing machines
im like the guy who drew trippy cats when he got schizophrenia except i make increasingly shit ass jokes as prodromal irony ravages my brain
people are cool, when you're the doors guy<br />they all like your music, when you're the doors<br />the albums seem wicked, good when you hear them,
Thoreau's fun woods vacation was cut short when he learned that fish dont really keep money in the river bank. they don't even have money
"mike you're at fault for the accident"<br />but he cut right in front of me<br />"no, the guy in front of you let him have reverse cuts. pay up fool"
[talking extra loud so government can hear] I actually love paying taxes. most people just don't respect the government enough if you ask me
ACCIDENT REPORT:<br />Your speed at time of collision: 25mph<br />Other vehicle's speed: I don't know, it was a power wheels. they can get pretty fast
[trying to impress girl at the bar] ...this clown actually thought gullible was written on the ceiling. Of course I quickly proved him wrong
to all those who said changing my name to Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 in anticipation of the sequel was too bold a move: i guess we'll see.
Cop 1: what's up?<br />Cop 2: looking through a list of people who hated Mike F enough to kill him<br />Cop 1: that's the phone book<br />Cop 2: yeah lol
A question for the people i always see drinking at bars: how do you do it.  Are you sponsored or something? Who gives you the money?
"i don't know, i mean it's like, you know when sometimes-" me expressing the smartest, most serious, considered opinion i have in the world
[i compliment you after your comedy show saying i almost pissed myself laughing, but the convo quickly shifts to being more focused on piss]
i made a "coffee scoop". it's uh, a very practical gift. it's great for scooping coffee, if you do that kind of thing http://t.co/YlLyea9JCw
if you don't scoop a lot of coffee, its no big deal. don't worry. i made a long bottle opener too for some reason http://t.co/YLSmt9CMx8
what am i reading? oh just this book, 1984. they tried to ban it, it's no big deal. i managed to get it anyway, the government is so pissed.
me age 14: fools, you cant ban farenheit 451, i already learned from its message.<br />now: lol watch how ironic it is when i burn farenheit 451.
Approximately 90%of dudes who leave their family to be a ramblin man end up just hiding in the backyard because they dont know how to ramble
been getting really dark and moody lately. the only humor i can even relate to anymore is dark, spooky stuff, like ghost or skeleton jokes.
oh you have a guitar? nice, what do you play? oh guitar? sweet. mind if i play? [picks up guitar by thinnest string, which breaks instantly]
[sees trumpet at a party] Oh sick dude, is that a trumpet? May I play? [licks lips, plays the super mario bros theme like, wicked poorly]
love to complain about price in every transaction. I know what things cost to make, and its 2 pennies. i get ripped off every day of my life
Please follow my good friend @BevisSimpson , he has a big time heart condition, and i just want to see him get 50k followers before he goes.
[bad ass guitar riff]<br />[guy from metallica voice]<br />Exit light... <br />Enter night...<br />Sleepy time... <br />Metallica's the bed time band
Oh you know me, Im a huge rap fan.  I like all the kinds. early 90s rap, gangster rap, wu tang of course, fuckin uh... jay z, the autotunes,
Damn,  just found my little brother's army gear.  I didn't even know he had joined the military, he's so young... http://t.co/JaYC1wY4RJ
[i go to film myself throwing a rock at the police station from across the street but i accidentally throw it at my camera &amp; break the lens]
[big terrorist attack happens when everyone's in the shower and only me and all the other cool guys who have shower radios know whats up]
[runs outside after hearing the big news on my shower radio and all the fellas are already out there in their shower shoes and towel skirts]
[thinks a bunch of wicked wrong ass shit for my whole life] Wow, this world is so crazy, nothing means anything. everyone is a jerk lol.
if you want to follow a funny guy who is way on point all the time, just follow my incredible friend @DinkMagic . come on whats stopping you
"mike are you doing woodworking?"<br />yeah I-<br />"oh my grandpa used to do that"<br />oh cool t-<br />"then he quit the circus"<br />hey n-<br />"and hit puberty"<br />nooo
http://t.co/lcVpGOAKli
Hey what's up. Just wanted to show everyone this cool pen I found. Couldn't believe it was just lying on the ground. http://t.co/XXZpk9wboX
I restored a little plane from around 1908, I french polished the rosewood and cleaned/oiled the metal. It rules. http://t.co/Fr5vX3Eigo
boss: having fun?<br />me: you bet! [under breath] bet im not having fun at all<br />boss: what was that Mike?<br />me: uh... I said I only have one ball.
wait... how could they know i had a small dick. there's no way they could have seen it [turns around and starts walkiing back the other way]
yeah i worked a stint in the retail biz [leans waay back, puts hands behind head smugly] i could tell you some secrets about the break room.
shocking survey reveals that while over 90% of dog owners think their dog is a big boy, it is in fact the owner who is usually the big boy.
[after holding hand up and clearing throat for 14 minutes in anthropology class] did you know theres actually a goat who can yell like a man
This guys the voice of a generation. first, he hates racism? hell yes. but he also hates the water on top of yogurt? where do i vote for him
finally, a politician who understands issues of sexism, but who also gets mad when theres too much heat and not enough flavor in a hot sauce
hey don't worry, im the type of guy who can take a joke. you just have to make it really clear that its a joke, or it might hurt my feelings
the master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried, yet i have failed more times than both combined, and also never succeeded
Heres an orthographic drawing of a jewelry chest I'm making. It's a full side view and half each of the front and top http://t.co/KKWK7uq5t4
Im gonna post pics as I build this jewelry chest, so I don't forget how I did it. This is the rosewood all divided up http://t.co/aqcYHVdGrN
Legend has it, if you say 'kobe'  three times when you're throwing away a piece of trash, the real kobe will appear and deny you wicked hard
[janitor cleaning up after the lakers game whispers 'kobe' as he throws away a discarded cup but kobe is still there and he swats it down]
we here at the online magazine LOVED this list of tips. we were all talking at the office about  it, fighting over who would get to write it
whoa holy shit... [I pull my head away from the bong, coughing only a moderate amount] damn dude. this shit is harsh, but fair.
[best friend in the world shows me a one minute long video he spent weeks painstakingly making and i look at my watch three times during it]
[i step out of the tent. first morning of the family camping trip; dawn. i put my hand to the firepit. still warm. we cant have gone far]
[archaeologist exploring tupac's tomb, year 3098] the guy from this tomb... hes alive still... [flips open empty sarcophagus] he's not dead.
i always make my own tomato sauce. no way a guy who owns a tomato sauce company can do a better job than me smooshing tomatoes in my kitchen
you cook pizza in a metal oven? thats cool... but the authentic way to do it is in a dirty brick cube my friend travis built out in the yard
Focus on your weaknesses, make them your strengths. Bad vision? Glasses. Fat? Just be a sumo wrestler. Fall down a lot? It's on purpose now.
this candle may make my home smell like a cinnamon vanilla toilet but its still better than the smell i create from living my life in here
sometimes its just funny to do fucked up stuff just to see how normies react. oh am i paying with too much change? sorry if i blew your mind
yeah i act random just to freak out the mindless fucks at the mall. sorry, did i signal left but turn right? guess you cant handle the truth
its fun bonding with you guys admitting we're not as cool as we pretend to be, but im gonna just double down and re-admit that i actually am
I resawed some of the rosewood for the jewelry chest to make it thinner, and I got poplar for the secondary parts http://t.co/Pm4CgdaHHL
Holding a grudge is like drinking poison and hoping your enemy will die. Through careful voodoo rituals and curses, you do that and it works
i built a footstool in the queen anne style, it's got carved scallop shells on the knees and black milk paint accents http://t.co/6cbCEuzQwv
the reason i get more cheese curls is because i was actually smart enough to back my truck up to the display rack. its a doggy dog world pal
my turn to bowl. i grab a ball and toss it up to catch it; the heavy weight of it drags my hand down to the floor and i rip my bowling jeans
its impolite to call someone old, say "older." eg "i saw an older gentleman." to be extra polite try saying oldest eg "i saw the oldest guy"
Jewelry box wood is planed to thickness, dividers laid out and cut, started a jig to hold drawers while I carve em http://t.co/0jzRtXxgz8
[sees diapers in potty training aisle at the baby store] people seriously still do that crap? grow up and use the toilet like the rest of us
sorry im late, its traffic from that new bridge they're building. yeah its crazy, they had to tear it down so you cant see it. it was so new
to all the fans sending me DMs to ask: no, the video was not sped up at all, and thats not even the fastest speed i can play jingle bells at
A lot of you guys have been asking me what I look like and what I do for work. Well here's a pic of me at my day job. http://t.co/2mHzX98Tsz
folks im here with my co-host and we're about to kick this thing off. my co-host's ass that is. im about to kick this fucker's ass right off
Today I learned how to carve a ball and claw foot. Here it is from a couple different angles http://t.co/pfG9tomZbR
Jewelry box drawer fronts are curved along one axis now, tomorrow I have to carve a serpentine curve across the front http://t.co/ken9E7vvrQ
I'm making a handmade wood thing for my homie @someofmybest in exchange for a handmade yarn thing.  walnut &amp; pearwood http://t.co/mSrngdyBhM
Jewelry box drawers are now curved in every which way. This was tough cause there's no straight edges to measure off http://t.co/ipyYEueSxR
[loudly into phone as I walk by a group of girls] fine, if you dont have a million diamonds, Im gonna have to find a jewelry store that does
"wow, the world is so small!" actually it's wicked huge, dumbass. for example, i cant really get to most places cause theyre super far away
scientist: "duhh, the world is small "<br />yeah? well i think this grape is small. let's race, you go around the world, i'll go around the grape
Go ahead online haters, laugh it up. You won't be laughing tomorrow when I put my computer into a trash compactor and you all get crushed.
[I pick up a rock in the forest and a bunch of guys in fedoras scurry off in every direction] fuckin nerds. Fuck outta here. Not in my woods
[loudly, on phone] hello, bank? Did that deposit put my account over the money limit? It did? Ah, I feared it might. Just burn the remainder
[you make a playful joke about me over skype, suddenly my image on your screen jerks to the side as i lash out and punch my computer screen]
Sick of "bro" culture. You make fun of me, bu- hold on a sec, my glasses are sliding down my nose [pushes them up] but you're the real nerds
Alright sure, recipe. I'm on it.  But how do I tell when the sauces are chickened. http://t.co/gm7xrH1EfU
[i go behind a waterfall and see a bunch of nerds playing magic cards &amp; i kick dirt/leaves at them] scram nerds! find your own secluded glen
Yeah baby. Alright. It's finally 5 o clock. Happy hour bitches. It's finally the time of day when I've been drinking for a full 5 hours
celebrating columbus much, assholes? i mean im happy that i have the day off but i can tell these other assholes are genuinely into columbus
its sad how many kids these days grow up idolizing columbus and vespucci. luckily for me i went to public school so i know the real story.
he doesn't tweet much but my boy @wash_cloth is a genius and i love him. please follow his twitter account for me.
[scientist tries to get me to help him do a turing test]<br />Computer: Bzzrptt. I am a robot. Bee boo bop<br />Me: Dude I think this might be a human
Im "thirsty"  because I got you a zune loaded with jams? Yeah thats logical, Im dehydrated. I made a chill mix cause I want a glass of water
2 blessed to be stressed, 2 fast to be furious, 2 large to be in charge and 2 wide to be denied.
actor: it was amazing just to be nominated<br />oscar committee: Oh word, this fool doesn't like winning. take him off the potential winners list
Age 6 to 20: ha, stupid school.  Gonna try and teach me? Not falling for it<br />Age 21: wait could you teach me all that again? I didnt hear it
Doctor: your son has severe depression<br />Parents: but he always says life is extremely good shit<br />Doctor: yeah its ironic depression. Way worse
They don't call me "Cool Mike" for nothing... they do it as an ironic nickname, like if you call a short guy "Big Man". Hes not actually big
Just got some new sheets for my bed. It's kind of cluttered, hopefully you can still see them. http://t.co/5fDAqM9dj7
shit! no, no, NO! [I slam my newspaper shut] FUCK! Apparently I can get a high paying job without working hard, due to unfair advanteges.
Terrorist: If the marines are real, why dont they stop me?<br />Cop: [shoots him] The marines were all deployed to kill a professor who hates god
Yeah I got my head in the clouds... fuckin, clouds of truth gas. Im seein clearly now motherfucker. Maybe i'll give YOU a performance review
I got the sides done for the jewelry chest, shaped by by hand based on the wooden patterns you see in the pictures http://t.co/Gw9h8AZfBy
I also got the upper gallery portion shaped and fit together. There's gonna be drawers in those narrow openings http://t.co/HxOt6IRqnw
want me to make you breakfast? Im no chef but I can do some mean eggs [i toss the egg carton up to catch it and they all fall out and break]
Regis: Your final question, for a million: Name one way jet fuel could have melted steel<br />Me: Theres no way. Final answer<br />Regis: Holy shit...
Let's say, hypothetically, that I wrote a script for a TV show. Does anyone who follows me on here know what I should do with the script?
Ahh sorry, Id post a pic but my smile always looks fake, and plus I live inside an abandoned toilet factory and my teeth are yellow chiclets
funny, you act like im such a big fan of the village people but I only have the greatest hits and one other album. Seems pretty casual to me
Hello, my name is Mike F and Im the only real alcoholic in here. the only thing you losers are addicted to drinking is breast milk. babies.
Hey watch it pal, you're messin with a dreamer. You dont know what dreams lie behind these eyes asshole. I dream big and I have a big heart.
[i start talking shit to a baseball player and he kicks sand at me, the sand hits me in the legs, i lose my footing and fall on the ground]
[I try to blow you a kiss at the end of our date but my hands are very dirty and I blow dirt in your eye, causing you to need eye surgery]
Step back boys, watch this shit [i get a running start to go on the slip n slide but i run along the whole thing and then fall on the grass]
Check this move [i start doing a weird move; looks like im trying to use my hand to kill a bug on the bottom of my foot, its not impressive]
its cool when someone posts "looks like everyones getting offended by my jokes again" and you go to their page and they've never made a joke
when a young guy like me says music is bad nowadays, we need to take notice. we need to give him prizes and let him into the gentlemens club
music is just such trash today. try puttin on some pink floyd instead [i look to my dad for support but he ditched me to smoke a J] shit! no
the stuff about god watching you was written before we had houses to hide in. now it's basically party time in here and he's none the wiser.
me praying: please protect my family<br />god: maybe. what are you hiding in that box<br />me: its uh... my bible<br />god: oh... word. good. it better be.
Earl of Sandwich: I've invented sandwiches<br />Scribe (eating sandwich): Oh word?<br />[peasant walks by with sandwich]<br />Earl: i did it, write it down
Arnold Palmer: get me a refreshing drink<br />Barkeep: try this, its lemonade and iced tea<br />Arnold Palmer: Mmm... its good... I just invented it.
I glued the upper and lower sections of the jewelry chest together, and i dovetailed the drawers with tiny dovetails. http://t.co/QefE0Ql0a8
Movies? Propaganda. Government BS designed to keep us down. If you want  to know the real truth, check this website http://t.co/exOBLTVWqk
My life is like good will hunting except i fuck up the math problem at the beginning and they send a psychiatrist to find out why im so dumb
Me in good will hunting: Do you like apples?<br />Cool harvard guy: no<br />Me: shit... fuck. my thing doesnt work if you dont. how about green apples
Shakespeare invented half of the words we use today. the rest were created by Stephen King. he mostly did spooky ones, 'ghost', 'ghoul', etc
Cool art critic watching one of shakespeares famous plays where he made up half the words: Ah yes... I get it. I know about all those words.
This week I dovetailed the drawers for the top half of the jewelry chest and fit all the drawers to the case http://t.co/8wkyOsseW4
I put these hinge blocks on the drawers so they can pivot after they're pulled out. They're gonna be necklace hangers http://t.co/lINtwOsE4w
Mmm yeah. It's all oiled up now. Easy greazy baby. Double double oil and trouble http://t.co/G7FD4ow2Wq
[I get up at the end of my comedy central roast with a notebook i've been writing in the whole time and calmly refute every single insult]
It's kind of sad. most people only like bob dylan for his voice, but he actually has really good lyrics. too bad no one gets them besides me
so cool how this guy paints over thrift store paintings. almost as cool as when i find someone elses grocery cart and put my own stuff in it
girl: sir please put your book down, you're blocking the screen.<br />me: oh yeah thanks for asking, its by shakespeare. maybe youve heard of him
Its funny when people say something is a force to be reckoned with because I'll reckon with any force. I'll reckon with a damn kindergartner
Girl: youre holding up the line. Can you read your book elsewhere<br />Me: no its cool. I read it before the movie came out, Im just rereading it
Some guy joking around: what are you high? <br />Me: what? No. Fuck off dude. Im not high. thats bullshit.  How can you even tell. Theres no way.
"what is that, weed?" the rapper says in a chill way. He sits down, ready to get interviewed by the coolest rolling Stone writer of all time
"it cool if I smoke this J of weed?" asks the rock icon, slumping into his chair for the interview. "yes John Mayer, its very cool" I reply
If you put your friends hand in water, he'll pee. Or just pee on him yourself if you want pee to be involved in your slumber party so much.
plato once said the anger of a peaceful man is the most bad ass. additionally ghandi said guys who use the computer a lot are the strongest.
as the great warrior ghengis khan once said, don't fuck with the guy who fixes your printer, hes actually incredibly tough and owns six guns
sometimes the most heroic guy of all is just a guy posting online, could be anyone. could it be me? i dont know probably. you said it not me
Neil: One small step for man...<br />Houston: more like one small dick for Neil Armstrong<br />Neil: fuck you!<br />Houston: run away to the moon about it
"charade" does't rhyme with "facade" unless youre using both in the same sentence, e.g. "Im going to pull the facade away from this charade"
loser: this rap music is really "bangin"<br />me: try listening to pink floyd instead, dumb ass<br />david gilmour: ah fuck, i soiled me trousers mate
[i try to walk over hot coals to impress the cult i started but i trip and fall and everyone starts pretending they're in a different cult]
[i show up late to the jim jones cult meeting and everyone is hangin out dying from poison] i uh... left my headlights on. ill be right back
It's crazy, the bullet would have killed him but it was stopped by the bible in his pocket. too bad he's going to hell for bible destruction
i made this page just in case someone wanted to support me financially,seeing as i don't have any shame. http://t.co/qM0qjRBpA8
Yeah I'm gonna be volunteering at the soup kitchen this weekend. Volunteering to eat some of that good soup that is. can't believe its free.
[im at a comedy show and im laughing at the observations of things dumb people do until i realize the comedian is reading my daily schedule]
"whats with the bat"<br />I got it on craigslist as a conversation piece, its cut up. i guess thats the whole conversation http://t.co/cRLKRO9i8e
I forgot more about cooking than you ever knew "but Mike the oven needs to be on" pal thats just the tip of the iceberg with things i forgot
[i punch my new friend in the arm as a bonding gesture but it turns out hes a coat that was sort of propped up on a chair and it collapses]
dumptruck driver: fuck it, im just taking this garbage to the dump, no one wants it<br />me: wait, keep it for now, i might want some later
[following a dollar tied to a fishing line around for over 4 hours] you guys are all suckers, its a free dollar.
if you can't pretend to be impressed when i try to catch a grape in my mouth and it lands on my eye, then you don't deserve me at my best
me: Im seeing little floaty worms<br />doctor: that means you have eye disease<br />me: really?<br />doctor: [rubs sand in my eye] no dude. fuck outta here
Sorry i was weird yesterday. you wont believe what happened. You know that movie Freaky Friday? I was thinking about it and i got distracted
Nice to meet you man my name's Mike. Short for Micycle.
the format of my resume is wrong? Well how about you check these "four mats" on the floor and i'll teach you a lesson in brazilian jiu jitsu
The most important skill in Brazilian jiu jitsu is humility. Wait, no, sorry, its actually the moves. humility is the second most important.
[talking to scientist after reading about his field of study for 9 minutes] yeah actually many people think that but thats not how it works
dude cut up that plastic six pack ring, those are dangerous. I lost my job once because i got my head caught in one on the way to a meeting
"Mike cut that thing up, fish can get caught in those" yeah? should I cut this bucket too? [i kick the bucket and it gets stuck on my foot]
pardon ME but YOU asked how I would like MY eggs. If you refuse to devil them then you shan't receive a tip. This is MY dining experience.
I used to be in that sect of monks that raise their body temperature at will but they kicked me out for heating up bagel bites with my hands
"oh i invented the hourglass, the sand takes one hour to fall" your invention sucks dude. like im gonna fuckin watch sand fall for an hour.
The jewelry box i've been posting about is finally done, i put shellac and wax on it, and i put little brass knobs on http://t.co/MdX6h2zKvr
this is a little trinket box i made, along with a little cup i also made http://t.co/NDBM4Fm2Sc
[im telling a story at a party about how everyone at work says im a genius, but we all realize at the same time that theyre being sarcastic]
Yeah I dont know, I used to be into rap music until one time when i said "damn these beats are fresh" and now im banned from listening to it
No dumbass, ice cream isn't a soup. It's a chowder.
I have the quiet confidence of a guy who is intensely wrong about the majority  of stuff so he's being quiet to try and fly under the radar
A truly intelligent man doesn't have to go around saying smart stuff. You can tell someone is really smart if they say dumb shit constantly.
Signs of true intelligence:<br />- stupid thoughts/actions<br />- shirt looks like a dishrag<br />- cant flip pancake without getting burned<br />- velcro shoes
To any bullshit assholes out there who think you're gonna make me look bad by correcting me: you can't even fathom how bad I look already.
"Ah, it would seem that the hunter... has become the pupil."  - me on my first day at hunting school
I guess it's pretty courageous of me to just say this devoid of context among friends but I think discrimination/prejudice should be ended
I don't like to rock the boat but someone needs to speak up. Some of the things Michael Richards said at the chuckle factory were offensive.
You got to learn to play it right <br />You got to know when to hold em<br />Be good at poker<br />You got to know what the cards do<br />And how to win
The funniest part about how everyone thought the world was going to end in 2000 was that it actually did but we all still have to live on it
If it was up to me, id take all the pop out of the top 40, and replace it with the first 40 tracks of my rob zombie tribute album
usually im normal, but when i get on the computer my thoughts become very dark. when i start getting on my websites, i get very cynical/wise
To those out there who have accused me of selling out, of abandoning my beliefs and values to climb the social ladder: uh... yeah.  yes.
this is one of the best tweets ever made if you ask me. top 5 easily https://t.co/AiWkru3Fu4
People are so stupid about science. They know about Einstein but they don't "get" that E=mc^2. Here's the deal morons: That's what it equals
Shit! No! [punches table] It pisses me off so much when I get free stuff at restaurants. It's just not fair to the other customers.
Check it out [I bring a cherry stem to the bathroom and when I come back it's tied in a knot] bet you don't know many guys who can do that.
Well it took a few hours but I finally got this cherry stem tied in a knot "Mike it's only impressive if do it with your mouth" Ah shit! No!
It's going to be so good when I finally make a tweet that lampoons society so much that everyone just changes their ways and smartens up.
[doing something that isn't funny] oh man. The boys online are going to get a boot out of this one. When I tell them what I did in life.
mature guy trying to teach me about life/wisdom: Its always someone else's fault isn't it Mike?<br />Me: thank you. finally someone who gets it.
[at science conference] So, in conclusion, my findings were not wrong. I meant they have two sets of teeth for every two dogs. one set each.
Oh being a piece of shit is relatable and funny? Hold on [I frantically start scrambling to be the worst dumbest piece of shit in the world]
That's Mike F. He jokes around, but at the end of the day, when the chips are down, you can count on him to make a bad decision and fuck up.
month 6 of my investigation to see who unfollowed me. every time i mention it more unfollow, seemingly as a joke. but WHY? its so mysterious
you tell me to calm down? at this, the time when I'm at my most angry? I'm flipping out and you tell me this? I don't even know what to say.
Friends get so mad when I point out plot holes in movies, like "you don't get it Mike, it's a cell phone, it doesn't have to be plugged in."
I made a bowl from american hard maple, the finish is wax http://t.co/FRfcMy4GAf
This is a turned/carved trinket box I made of mahogany and ebony, the finish is danish oil http://t.co/CyaZhSLAw7
This is another trinket box, the woods are walnut and pear. it will eventually belong to @someofmybest http://t.co/EoCf4XYLph
This is a bowl I made out of butternut and black walnut, the finish is danish oil http://t.co/Tu0NXX7SxE
"Lol, dont make me fucking laugh" said neil degrasse tyson  "you'd be a fool to go to pluto. the space energy alone would rip you to shreds"
Welcome to my memoir. You probably think mountain climbing is soo easy. Well it's not, stupid ass. its wicked fuckin hard. But yet I did it.
If I had a dollar for every time I've fucked up in small ways in my life, I would prefer it to the current setup. I could use the dollars.
If I had a dime for every time a friend told me "cool it, my good muchacho" I would have much cooler friends who pay me and say fun phrases.
Interviewer: did you spill chili on your shirt?<br />Interviewer 2: looks more like he spilled chili on the floor and mopped it up with his shirt
To everyone out there making funny jokes and ironic comedy: nice. It's good to see everyone ripping off my style and benefitting from it.
Me after accidentally cutting off my little finger: you know, the pinky finger is actually vestigial. It's technically better to NOT have it
Good question Jay Leno, thanks for asking. The reason my mug says "I'd rather be drinking pee" is i wish it was full of pee. I'd drink it.
An Everything bagel? Pardon ME sir, I had no idea. Chef! prepare one bagel with every single topping upon it for the cosmopolitan gentleman!
Dont worry about it man, it could have happened to anyone. For instance that guy, if he fucked up like you did it would have happened to him
"Mike you have a movie coming out?"<br />That was actually a lie I told to get the interview. But I did prepare some clips from The Scorpion King
Its unnecessary to say that to me. I know my boycott of dunkin donuts isnt working, i know theyre still in business and it frosts my ass.
cool guy: order the double cheeseburger but you bring your own bun and put one burger in it. boom. two burgers.<br />women: wow is this guy taken
face it gramps. everyone is online. [counting off on fingers] theres me, everyone on my twitter, my 6 friends, the bum at the library, uhh,
Want to take high quality photos without spending a lot of money on a camera? Just stop pretending you know what makes a photo high quality
Want to make a photography set up for cheap? Just skip the umbrellas with the light bulbs in them. Those things suck shit, who needs them
people think theyre soo smart buying fresh, high quality ingredients. they don't know that companies secretly charge more for the good shit.
watch Jon Stewart going hard on the issues. he says the things you read from online but with a loud yelling voice to indicate emotion/comedy
[ironic voice] yeah i couldnt finish my meal so im gonna take it home in a foam box<br />waiter [too stupid to understand irony]: "very good sir"
Wow, so just because i post about a contest where you can win a phone, ive been "hacked"? you can win a fucking phone for free, dumbasses.
someone must've hacked my account to make me say that stuff about the free phone. only a hacker would want all my friends to get free phones
i just drink this stuff for the flavor. didn't even know it got you fucked up to be honest. when i found out you could do that i was shocked
when my doctor first asked me if i was using alcohol to hide from my problems, i was like "oh no way you can do that? that sounds so tight"
just sometimes i feel like... like i don't even give a shit about cigars [all the other guys at the gentlemen's club spit out their bourbon]
Wow grandma you made apple pie? Ive had a vape juice of that. Shit was off the chain. http://t.co/35Tn2d55FH
nice, cute ca- wait a second. wait one fuckin second. is this guy some kind of writer? holy shit he must be a genius http://t.co/HFyrJNBlzI
Sorry boss, the burgers got burned. they didnt flip in time. I know what youre thinking and youre right. the reason is theyre stupid burgers
a dog's mouth is actually cleaner than a human's. they get clean from eating so much shit and barf, which are technically cleaner than soap.
mafia boss: I need you to step in a bucket and then fall over and drop all your books in the gutter. and make it look like an accident...
welcome to my gaming party, we only have one controller so you have to share. These are my friends Cody, Brody, Scrotey, Coady and Scroatey
"sorry, your other waiter had to leave, i'll be taking over for him"<br />Oh word, cool... the uh, the other waiter said our meals would be free.
Why should you hire me for this position? First off I can smell fear like a dog. Additionally, I can also smell like a dog in one other way.
Oh you know who might know? <br />"shut up Mike, you're just gonna say Joe Mama" <br />I was gonna say Jeff. <br />"oh sorry, Jeff who?" <br />Jeffather hahaha
I once lived next door to a nice older lady who probably had dementia. She always asked me to fix her TV but it wasnt broken it was just off
After I turned it on she would ask me to put it on whatever channel my TV was on but I didn't have one so I didn't know what to do.
So I put it on the news and she just left her door open and let her cat walk around in the hallway. she was the coolest neighbor I ever had.
[someone completely refutes me using facts] Ah, I see you're a prescriptivist. Some day you will learn that objective truth is impossible...
its cool when nerds are all "Im a peaceful man but I want to punch people like that in the face" like, youre not peaceful, youre just timid
I like to grimace a lot, just as part of my general steez. It helps to communicate that I have a lot of inner pain but Im hanging out anyway
Yeah life is really difficult for me, I tend to express it by never having good ideas for what to do and also being really boring to talk to
today someone got mad at me here for making fun of my depressive behavior. is it still mean to make fun of mental issues if they're your own
if someone says something you don't understand in a convo, a good move 99% of the time is to get wicked pissed off. it makes you look suave.
Indeed [spins around in computer chair] as Lao Tzu said, the man who takes the longest to get his katana out of the sheath, is the deadliest
Imagine if they made pizza... that had alcohol in it. that would be so epic. you could eat a whole shitty pie that tastes like steel reserve
you're telling me the ice cream has alcohol in it? The fudgesicle will taste like a solvent? just fucking... let me eat that shit right now.
you think little cups of pudding are good? well what if they had 4% alcohol in them and you could get a buzz from eating like 30 of them?
me: im going to get a good job via hard work.<br />society: no mike you should smoke weed all day and ruin your life using irony<br />me: ah shit. ok
i must apologize for my messages last night. my friend is a highly skilled hacker. he hacked my account whilst the twain of us were drinking
Ah m'lady. tis good to see you here in my DMs. I must apologize for my rude message of a fortnight past. twas my drunk friend who wrote it.
Hey girl... sorry for the weird messages last night. i was in the classics section of the library when some wild sex brute stole my phone.
what are the best accounts on this site to follow on for funny jokes and good insights. i dont want to miss out over here
To everyone who said I would never succeed: shut up assholes, I might still do it.  Life is a long and winding road
The t-1000 can't form a gun. no moving parts. only hitting and chopping weapons. like, it makes  a chopping motion with the side of its hand
archaeologist: We found 3,000 year old marijuana in the tomb<br />me: 420 dude. blaze it up. i smoke weed myself<br />archaeologist: Mike you're fired
[in jacob dylan from the wallflowers voice] hey my dad is bob dylan you asshole... hey asshole! do you even have a clue who my dad is?
augh yeah man. jack motherfuckass daniels. thats the good shit. ive had that brand of whiskey, and let me tell you pal: theres alcohol in it
niiiice dude i see that tequila. "the sweet juice of the bottle". that stuff is a one way recipe for a wild night my friend. i've drank it.
punishing murderers is all well and good, but what about people who grab the murderers hand and force him to stab them? thats the real issue
burglars are bad, but what about home owners who break their own door and give their valuables away as gifts, then falsely report a burglary
GATSBY: Don't you see... the light across the river... it represents you, the "light" of my life...<br />DAISY: Yeah? [does the jerk off motion]
Hey everyone check out this guitar I made from scratch. the first step is to get out your CNC laser powered guitar cutting out machine.
hey just thought id show off my handmade Catan set, my friends and i built it. the first step was to get hired at the laser cutting facility
Greetings, it is I, the shittiest wiseman. I brought this weird little fucked up ass mushroom dick for our Lord. http://t.co/eluvlVpDHQ
George W. Bush was the greatest president<br />With a keen eye for economics<br />In my house I am the coolest resident<br />Due to my good taste in comics
laugh it up liberals. You won't be laughing when the bean miners who mine the beans for your precious chipotle go on strike for their rights
yeah sure we can take my car. but you should know, some local hooligan teens from the neighborhood have been breaking into it to smoke weed.
Olive garden isn't fancy you dumb pieces of shit. Take it from me, the guy who is somehow a huge snob despite owning less than 100 dollars.
You think olive garden is fancy? You think that restaurant is actually in the country of Italy? You probably do, dumbass, and you're wrong
Its funny when stupid Americans think that the chain restaurant olive garden is fancy and expensive. The meals are reasonably priced, morons
You seriously think olive garden is a fancy restaurant? Try going to a real Italian restaurant like uh... ah...  fuckin.... um ... shit...
this moron actually thinks olive garden is authentic Italian food? Clearly he's never had hot beef chunk tomato slop from my shitty kitchen.
Greetings fellow bloggers. Today I attempted to take a lollipop from a six year old woman, but i was punched. this is due to reverse sexism.
[after clicking follow on my 30,000th account] man it would be crazy if i ever saw another tweet from this account in my life. life is crazy
COP: Mike whats this bag labeled "Weed Stash"<br />ME: don't open that it's full of uh... glass cups. they could get scratched if you jostle them
"Mike what's up with this closet that says" pee jar storage?" <br />Oh that... It's full of a bunch of different keys to lexuses...
[kicking small child in the legs on the subway] scoot over more you little shit. i need to sit down. my legs are tired from going to work
[picks up paper tube at crimescene, sniffs it] hot pockets. no. lean pockets. meatball mozzarella. 38 minutes old [sniffs it again] maybe 39
i realize lunch is going to happen later in the day. im not stupid. but if you think im taking steps in the morning to make it you're a fool
Wow, this is crazy. Puts a lot of stuff in perspective... http://t.co/GtcMC9lbsW
damn cell phones. its easier to get to face book than to make a phone call! im 80 and im wicked fast at opening facebook on this damn phone
Me: This society is childish and shallow.<br />Teen: I havent learned which pedal is the gas and which is the brake yet and im running you over
Me: grow up stupid teenagers<br />teenager: Mike Im 14 and I have six times as much money as you, im going to kick you down the stairs you fruit
me: its a good thing im not hanging out with you dumb asses<br />everyone else: yeah, good thing.<br />me: what the fuck assholes? its not good.
you complain about your life here but you dont know about the plight theyre facing in america, with the uh, how theres too many chip flavors
The real problem with our country. This guy nails it. Does it taste good to drink pee and eat poop? Yes, and this guy explains it perfectly.
[raises hand on Inside the Actors Studio] Uhh yes, Mr. Cena. What techniques do you use to get rich from acting? Stanislavski I presume?
sorry, when you said vegan i thought it was like, the opposite of vegetarian. every single dish i made has at least one piece of meat in it
wait whats a hangover? like when you wake up feeling shitty after drinking the night before? isn't that just "the morning"
trying to take one of those quizzes where it tells you what career you're meant for but i always get toilet, dumpster or urine sample tester
I'd like to get serious here for a minute. If any of you out there are thinking about killing themselves, don't do it. Kill me instead lol.
4 yr old on Facebook, immediately after learning the alphabet: its sad how some people don't know that A is the first letter of the alphabet
Narrator: Only clue the colonists left was a note saying "we all killed and ate eachoth-" the rest is cut off<br />Scientist: Its a total mystery
we need to put aside the hate, and be loving to all people of the wo- oh look at this fuckin asshole. nice parking job pal. takin two spaces
wise cop during investigation: all Im saying is we need to get ALL the criminals, not just the ones who did this crime. is that so wrong?
me: huhh a duhh... me read novels. me like evocative prose<br />12 yr old: Ive read opinions on the sonic franchise by over 1,000 30 year old men
Infamous hacker collective Anonymous has threatened to download every porn video online, due to uh, unforgivable racism in the porn industry
hah, funny to see everyone getting mad at mere words. I did not say It was my opinion, twas merely an intriguing thought. guess im too wise.
98% of people like to slip and fall down on their ass, they think its cool. RT if you're one of the 2% who doesn't like to hurt your ass.
journalist: stupid millennials. all they know is irony and stupid movie quotes. they're such fucktards.<br />me: are you calling moi, a dipshit?
This is a box I made of pear wood with a veneered top, it's a gift for my sister http://t.co/Ud6j6NKEKV
This is a box I made from a really nice piece of walnut, it's a gift for my brother http://t.co/MBi5dewREq
This is a live edge box I made with hard maple; a gift for a brother http://t.co/2xcoLFOhNU
This is a carved and painted box I made of cherry, as a gift for my youngest brother http://t.co/WHF1AqzxV5
This is a stand for a laptop computer i made with walnut, it is a gift for my older brother http://t.co/g1BDjaqA4W
And this office is where the engineers work, and I don't mean "chugga chugga choo choo" engineers either. these fellas play with computers.
friend: Im a software engineer.<br />me: [picturing a guy driving a crazy computerized robot steam train] Oh no way. That's pretty cool actually.
president: Mike, heres the sick bastard who engineered the whole plot<br />me: wait like a woo wooo engineer [pantomimes blowing a train whistle]
Yeah you got me. You scared me. Real cool job, hot shot. You scared one man, while horror movies scare millions. Im really impressed.
once in college i had to go to a marijuana anonymous meeting and pretend having to get high before going to a movie was fucking up my life
everyone else: Weed has ravaged my personal relationships<br />me: if i cant blaze up before seeing the coen bros movie, i just wait until later.
Kendall: Rap is such trash.<br />Brycen: Agreed friend, but have you heard Aesop Rock? hes european<br />Kendall: Wow, any other recs similar to this?
it's me, the guy who's really proud of reading fantasy books. I still read at a 10th grade level but I'm proud of it at a 30 year old level
I've been proud of my reading ability ever since I read the first Harry Potter book in kindergarten. Now look at me. Almost done with book 4
.@theshitfucker so you think fucking shit is cool? We'll see what my followers think... They all know I'm saying this because of the period.
"Mike you never have ideas but you always shoot down everyone else's" I'd shoot them down preemptively if I was dumb enough to think of them
Did I see that someone took a shit on the sidewalk? Pal I got shots of it from 9 angles. I missed a meeting because of it. I might get fired
hipsters think they're so cool with their tight, bluejean knit dungarees, but the real cool one is me, the guy who is really mad about pants
[stepping out of my car at a car accident] Ok first off I want to make it clear this wasn't an accident. I was just testing my bumper system
you dont take gift cards at this location? thats cool ill just pay cash for those adshots. not like you just threw my finances into disarray
[first day on the job as a narc] good thing no one's invented a narc detector... I mean its bad. Id love to catch a narc. love catching guys
people: please make some inventions to improve our lives!<br />NASA scientist: hm. only if i can launch it into space first for 9 billion dollars
its cool to make fun of spending too much on fast food, but if you make fun of the space program suddenly its "what about the real problems"
People of America: any way we can make orange juice taste super shitty<br />NASA: theres one way. Its called tang and  it costs 1 billion dollars
sorry babe my account was hacked by the winner of a recent bad manners contest. thats why youve been getting all those rude messages from me
youre not gonna believe this but that message last night wasn't intentional. I accidentally dropped my phone on an automatic typing machine.
ah, babe, verily, you must trust me. i was trying to convey a message of respect, but a pack of sex fiends purloined my cell phone telephone
professor: Life, is essentially one big game, this is "game theory"<br />me: then what are games, genius? <br />professor: ah... um... its... shit. no
[author of tarzan sees a monkey] hmm... I bet I could do that better. If I had the proper training. This gives me a  sick idea for a novel.
mayor: help! a radical feminist is robbing the bank!<br />[i open my big leather coat to reveal a bunch of guns like neo in the matrix] Im on it.
weed before liquor, makes you run quicker; liquor before weed, increases your speed.
Putting liquid DMT into your eyes, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise
Good mnemonic device for partying:<br />Smoking before drinking? Now that's some smart thinking. Taking a bath? Don't make me laugh.
"Mike I'm hiring you as a detective, I need this guy's last name." <br />[I call back after 3 weeks] do you have his drivers license or anything?
Explain politics to me as if I were a child.<br />"well you see..."<br />Wait no... Do it like I'm a dog.<br />"Mike no! stop! thats gross, spit that out!"
"what if dogs are the real masters, like theyre smart and we're dumb" thats fucking wrong. i could beat any dog in any test of intelligence.
"dolphins are just as smart as humans!" yeah they're smart. smart to stay in the ocean. let a dolphin try saying hes smarter than me on land
stupid safety features are turning my son gay. when i was his age i got whip slop honked off beer and put my whole arm in a vending machine.
you're telling me my son has to wear a helmet to ride a bike? next you're going to tell me he cant drink 14 beers and ride it down the slide
"MIKE YOU HAVE TO GET UP THE HOUSE IS ON FIRE!" <br />no its cool I'll just die in the fire. [2 hours later] ah fuck. Who gave me all these burns
maintaining healthy interpersonal relationships is a balancing act. also, it's a trapeze routine, also a third thing from old timey circuses
i just drink it for the flavor. i also sometimes chug it for the flavor. i also enjoy the flavor of pot smoke in a purely aesthetic capacity
"he screws up once in a while but you know his heart's in the right place"<br />yeah totally... i know where the heart is. it's in the head right
"Mike might fuck up on a literally constant basis but his heart's in the right place"<br />doctor: actually he has a rare condition where its not
most things if you drop them i wont catch them before they hit the ground, they fall too fast. but if you drop a juggling scarf i got you.
Im not afraid to drop 200 bucks in a night. I can easily spot the money with my nightvision goggles. Then its just a matter of picking it up
[returning to the deli counter after finishing my sandwich] hey can i get another sandwich? some stupid asshole with an ugly shirt ate mine.
Attention. To the owner of the bicycle in the parking lot: I see you on the camera. I didn't know the fake barf factory also made shirts.
To all my friends on here who do "parodies" of stale jokes to show how bad they are: you dont need to do that. It would be fine if you didnt
RIP Mike F, murdered at comicon for saying that the stretchy guy from fantastic four was named "Richard Reach" because he could reach so far
if youre concerned about privacy go on facebook and say like "I hereby doth decree no one steal my facebook info" the "hereby" makes it real
When we heard this soldier was coming back from Iraq, we were going to tell him to fuck off. But his dog's reaction changed our tune. Watch.
My good friend @someofmybest made me a super warm and baby-soft hat and i love it. Here you can see my cat wearing it http://t.co/eQkGoi5Rbn
when you see someone scrolling through some funny images website and just laughing out loud at every one it's like... that must be so nice
does anyone i know on here do painting or other similar art? if so would you like to collaborate with me on something? I'd like to do that.
most foods if you drop them it will attract ants. but if you drop a chocolate covered ant, they'll be like "oh shit" and they'll just bounce
tough guy: "its not even coffee. stupid mocha frappa cappa latte crap"<br />sir. no. shhhhh. you know what the drinks are called. you love them.
actually, stupid ass, let me explain it to you. my brain knows the information. the limitations of language just prevent me from saying it.
republican: taxes are bad<br />democrat: they're good<br />[i ride by on a skateboard eating go-gurt] its yogurt in a tube, dipshits. ever heard of it
cabinet I'm working on, I'll get some nicer pictures up next week. The bird was made with little pieces of wood http://t.co/xdOAU8Nse9
Raise your level of discourse and look smarter by using a smarter vocabulary. Instead of "where" say wherefore. Instead of "not", say naught
Educated man who can't find his keys: ah, forsooth, wherefore are my keys. Who hath wrought them? I can naught find wherefore they doth be.
yeah i read that book from cover to cover. from the description on the back cover to me covering with my barf
yo, any chance we can rewind about 48 minutes to the start of the movie? sorry i was busy deciding whether i like it. im ready to watch now.
Kid 1: yogurt has good flavor, but spoons suck<br />Kid 2: yeah spoons are wack<br />Me (eating go gurt): No shit assholes, try sucking it from a tube
Here's a box I made out of a piece of black walnut http://t.co/yLslfgZ1fr
Hate it when someone leaves the toilet seat up and you don't notice and you just put both hands in the toilet and start splashing/playing.
"sir this is the police, some shitty fucker has been stealing from you at night" oh that's just my son. I had him on purpose for some reason
Sorry, had to take that call. It was just god... askin me if I wanted to be the pope. It's like, no dude. my schedule is jam fuckin packed.
Sorry about that call. it was just michael jordan... askin me if I would do a rematch on that basketball game... where I fuckin schooled him
Sometimes I find a 20 in my pants that I forgot and I just throw it away. Stupid jeans dont know I get paid ten times that amount at my work
winston churchill: madam if i was your husband i would drink poison<br />woman: if i was your boss i would fire you from the dick sucking factory
winston churchill: see here dame, you're ugly and im drunk! im racist and i drive a studebaker! nyah!<br />woman: you're a dick winston churchill
i'll shoot you with this gun i made on my 3D printer [i aim a weird plastic chunk at you but the bullet comes out the side and hits my hand]
"hes got a 3d printed gun!" [cops dive to the ground as the bullets in my gun melt together into one weird chunk tube and land 2 feet away]
It's going to be so nice when my haters finally call me out for all my shitty tweets and I get kicked off this website permanently.
Dude comes into the ups store with a box labeled "Mustang oil separator"  all like "bet you don't know what this is". Idk dude is it a wheel
my legacy in this life will be that i will say something so insanely stupid and off the mark that they'll have to repeal the first amendment
scholar 1: we must allow free speech, whether we agree with it or not<br />scholar 2: yeah but look what Mike F said<br />scholar 1: oh shit nevermind
[i see a coexist bumper sticker but im too mad about jews and muslims being near the crucifix to parse it as a word and i rear end the guy]
[sees coexist bumper sticker] whats this, a ranking of the worlds religions? and christianity is last? figures. more reverse racist bullshit
people think im some big fuckin asshole, they think im a huge jerk. they say im just a big fuckhead. im actually only average height though.
[watching the matrix with a girl, pointing] done that move before... still learning that one... used that move to close the fridge earlier..
[im working the grill at benihana but i dont know any tricks or how to cook so im just serving dry ramen and doing the got your nose trick]
try to tell me the amount of something is higher than i would think, i'll just start thinking its really high. what if i think its a billion
if some guy tries to say he's not like other guys, i'll just act exactly like that guy. who's not like who now dude. we seem pretty similar.
no refund this year Mike. We're putting it towards an xbox for the office. it's called the uh... Xbox Tax. It's wicked new, you wouldnt know
Thank God you stopped me officer. I need to get to an evidence room to get rid of this bag of cannabis that I confiscated from some ruffians
cant believe Matthew McConaughey is in a wheelchair after a freak hackey sack accident where he tried to bounce the hackey sack off his back
me: wait, doc! you forgot to flick the needle. <br />doctor: oh shit good call Mike. that was a close one. you could have just died right there.
[i tie a gun to a string and i wait around the corner for obama to come try and take it, but when he does i just pull it away from him]
I like to use sports metaphors around the office, ex "the ball is in your fort on this one", referring to the customary NBA basketball forts
me: im a pretty laid back guy<br />doctor: actually Mike you have three different diseases from stress and another two from handling it so poorly
Wow. Can't say I'm surprised. http://t.co/bKuA7RebXf
a lot of people out there think they can stop me from having a good time. well i got some news for you haters: you can't even make me start.
[trucker bumps into me] [under my breath] kick your ass motherfucker<br />trucker: what did you say?<br />I said uh, I'll buy you gas brother trucker
to all of my cool friends on here: send me your favorite hot rap jams from the past year or three that i might have missed
dolphin researcher: eat the fish!<br />dolphin: ah yes. mm. i will most assuredly eat the fish. i am very smart<br />researcher: theyre so intelligent
Politics 101: if you're trying to form an alliance, but the other guy wants to make it an axis instead, be careful. The guy might be evil.
French guy: mon dieu! enchantée! Someone sniped a hole in my brioche!<br />the American sniper: it was me you fucked up bitch. Its a bagel now
Criss angel's mom when criss starts misbehaving: Crisstopher Angel Mindfreak, you stop that nonsense right this second!
life time warrantee huh? what if i die, smart guy.<br />"its uh, voided. thats the wh-"<br />oh yeah? what if its a suicide?<br />"same deal sir. voids it"
trust, I have a degree<br />" where from?"<br />[I quickly hide my diploma from the Institute for Turbo Nerds Who Are Wrong About Everything] uh, MIT.
Idiot: duhh, I go to college<br />me: [I drop my J in my lap while driving and scrape the guard rail]  yeah the college of fuckin, being a scrote
that looks tasty. If I was eating that I'd be like "om nom nom nom nom". Not. I would never make that noise while eating. Not even as a joke
"I don't necessarily think this, it's just an intriguing thought, but let me play devil's advo-" nnnope. no. shhhhhh. No. nope. no. stop it.
hello? cody? remember in 3rd grade when you said you were just testing to see if i knew the answer? I just found out that wasn't a real test
wow, this really makes you think http://t.co/62agSEY6B3
Me: I think snakes lizards and other scaly creatures are wet and slimy<br />Reptile scientist: oh my god you piece of shit. Im going to wreck you
"I don't know Mike that's a slippery slope"<br />Really? a 'slippery slope' argument? How pr- shit! no! [I fall down the slippery slope and die]
1st letter from the Romans to St Paul: are you kidding me Paul. youre gonna try and tell the entire roman empire what to do? kick rocks dick
god: welcome to the valley of death bitch. lie down in the pasture<br />me: god theres bugs all over the ground<br />god: [takes out his gun] lie down
http://t.co/EMD6H96XvF
I'm about to post some nice pictures i just took. I've posted cell phone pictures of all the stuff before but these ones are better
here is a bow front cherry cabinet with exotic bird marquetry on the front and a dovetailed hung drawer http://t.co/KHce2CKLat
here is a figured walnut box, dovetailed with a decoratively  molded lid. the grain on this one is unbelievably nice http://t.co/wbxUrwBf4l
here is a dovetailed box i made from hard maple with a live-edged lid http://t.co/gxJYuQlxjn
here is a small carved and painted box made from a single solid piece of cherry http://t.co/edOknCQ6kP
this is a laptop stand i made from walnut http://t.co/cvtvZwhAUn
people ask me a lot of questions about woodworking on here and its tough to answer them on twitter, so i made this http://t.co/Ak6dgGHhsw
Paul Revere: how about we just assume theyre coming by sea and I'll light a lantern if theyre not. Pretty sure those dudes live on an island
Hate it when people are all "there's no excuse for what you did mike" like yeah not yet there isn't. I just fuckin did it. give me a minute.
Ah, hello... greetings, if you will.
Ah yes.
"mike are you getting a nosebleed right now?"<br />nah man i don't do that. that ain't me. somebody must have come in here and punched me
it would be sooo cool if there was a version of 'about the money' that had 2 more young thug verses instead of having t.i.
Joe Rogan: i only ask one thing before you arrest me... toke this DMT...<br />[1 hour later]<br />Cop: wow... if anything, YOU should be arresting ME.
sick of people saying rubber baby buggy bumpers just to try to be "edgy". like, yeah we get it dude, you're sooo cutting edge and bad ass.
[doing a dead on marlon brando voice]: im gonna make an offer he cant refuse<br />"nice; brando impression. the godfather"<br />who? never heard of it
#Worst3WordPickUpLines Check it, bitch
if a guy from the past ever tried to roll over in his grave at me, i would just remind him he thought the hokey pokey was cool as an adult
founding fathers of our country, in a dancing parlor, fully adults, drunk off cider: you put your right hand in you put your right hand out,
ah milady... come on an adventure! I will climb a tree for you, give you one weird gross beer, and call a rock stupid for getting in my shoe
Tailor: would you like fingers on your gloves sir<br />Me: so I can be dangerously unable to feel my steering wheel? No thanks. Fingerless please
President: I'd just like to say that I'd love to give Mike F the beatdown of a lifetime. unfortunately it is not yet legal for me to do that
I don't care about money. I could be rich if I wanted, it's easy. You just go to the bank and [coughing] stocks [unintelligible] accountant
Guy [beating me up for making a joke at an inappropriate time]: whos funny now you piece of shit<br />Me: wait, you thought i was funny before?
[i raise my hand on the first day of culinary school] how do you tell if wine is good<br />Teacher: look at this piece of shit. this guys a bitch
go ahead pal, kick my ass. you'll just make me more embarrassed. you think im ashamed now? just wait until you beat my ass up motherfucker.
make sure you buy an entire shopping cart full of bottled water for a one day snow storm. you might lose power and then want to take a bath.
its like i said [i pick up a piece of beef from the floor and pack it back into my taco] we need to be aware of how the government functions
I've heard a lot of people saying that you shit yourself when you die. i just want to make it clear i won't be doing that. it's not my style
"did you know you shit yourself when you die" yeah fat chance pal. Last I checked ive shit myself over a thousand times and im still kicking
me: this tweet is good to go baby. let me just hit send...<br />my conscience: wait mike... theyre not ready<br />me: good call. lets put it in drafts
scientist [looks at like 150 snowflakes]: ah. all different. no two snowflakes could ever be the same. science hath wrought a new fact today
me: wow, how do you get the pint glasses so shiny?<br />bartender: just a lot of elbow grease.<br />me: [i spit my drink out on the bar] oh... cool...
essentially the only difference between me and rain man is that if you count the stuff you dropped, you will find I said a different number.
"ahh no, I dropped a brand new box of 1000 matches, if only some rain man could count th-"<br />me: its two thousand. Two thousand matches.
i like SOME rap. it has to be meaningful though. i want at least 4 words per song that rhyme with lyrical, and ten that rhyme with nation.
"not ALL rap is bad, for example" - someone who is about to tell you about immortal technique,  vinnie paz and other really bad rap
problem with millennials is they're always on those, whats it called... the "taptop" computers. taputers. basically the kids are fuckin gay.
if i ever see anyone calling anyone out, i immediately enter defense mode like "well im not EXACTLY like that but its cool if i am, because"
"just because you get old doesnt mean you have to grow up!" yeah, technically. you can still shit your pants too. they make depends and shit
"i like every genre except country and rap." ohhh shit lmao. hey everyone, this guy just said he loves show tunes. angela lansbury over here
when you yell at me to leave your house, youre actually just hurting your own cause of wanting me to leave, as i dont like getting yelled at
maybe the reason you think a lot of jokes are dad jokes is because your dad is the only adult who tells you jokes? something to think about
Everything is bigger in Texas.<br /><br />1. The state (large state)<br />2. The toast (it's thicker)<br />3. ??????
sometimes id love to do the thing where you put your comment before the @, to own someone, but idk if i could sleep at night if i did it.
then one day he was shootin at a tree, <br />and up through the ground came a bubblin pee. <br /><br />pee pee that is, yellow gold, Texas pee.
the grizzled detective felt the warm bourbon snaking down into his belly like a familiar friend. some kind of hot snake friend, who you eat.
mature wise man: the movie's gonna be crap, its shit because it looks like crap and everything is shit nowadays<br />me: oh man this guy is smart
i physically laughed my ass off multiple times while reading this @collatingbones2 post: https://t.co/AmmlEe0jPH , please read it
im not mad you blocked me, i dont want to see your tweets. i only clicked your profile cause a piece of fruit accidentally fell on my mouse.
i smell kind of like pee<br />i write a lot of tweets<br />and that's what they don't see, mmhmm<br />that's what they don't see, mmhmm
when they look back in 100 years, theyre going to be like "wow, crazy how everyone started being so nice and respectful to Mike F in 2015."
happy birthday to @DVSblast , he is a funny guy who i follow on here
wow guys. slow down on sending so many DMs saying nice things about me. a few is fine but after over 1000 it starts to get really flattering
President, on twitter: these joke robots are wonderful<br />Aide: theyre people sir. They use their real lives for it<br />President: no fuckin way...
President: Im ill, get one of those "barf boxes" I used last night<br />Aide: that was a camry sir. You threw up in somones car, it cost $20,000
The only thing "ironic" about that Alanis Morissette song is that losers talk shit on it even though it's actually chill and makes you think
[someone turns down the music when I'm singing along to the beatles and catches me saying "it's the sausage pepperoni hot dog band"]
to the two people in this waiting room yelling back and forth about not caring about "deflate gate": at least one of you is lying right now
me: check it out, i read a book and played a game instead of doing nothing, Im so proud<br />everyone: those are actually leisure activities mike
Man... The stuff some of you guys are saying in that big group DM. It's a good thing certain people are excluded hahaha. We all know who...
I'm thinking about signing up for that snap chat. Im imagining all the cool snap chats showing up in the inbox, and I gotta say it's not bad
Well, fuck off to the haters who doubted me a few minutes ago. I did what I said and signed up for snapchat. My name on it is animaldrums
david foster wallace: irony, entertaining as it is, serves an almost exclusively negative func-<br />me: irony nyuh nyuh nyah. a bup bup buh. duh
me (aged 14): movies are such trash, nothing good is made anymore<br />me (now): you liked like 15 movies this year you punk. you like fight club
[i somehow cut myself severely with a pair of safety scissors]<br />fuck! someone call crayola and tell them these scissors are fucking dangerous
[Taken 5, 2015]<br />Guy: We've taken your daughter. The only way to save her is by making shitty tweets<br />Me: I have a very specific set of skills
ive made too many fire tweets that are exactly 140 characters to not believe in destiny
professor: does anyone know what causes buildup of lactic acid? yes, guy who had his hand up before i asked<br />me: Ive actually tried acid myse
famous musician: shout out to my haters<br />me: nice move genius, you just made your haters famous by giving them a shout out on your hit record
one of the toughest things about woodworking is that literally everyone's dad thinks he could do it better than you if he just had the tools
what the fuck is a latte<br />"espresso and steamed milk sir"<br />so its coffee and milk<br />"not exa-"<br />just make me a coffee and milk<br />"ok..."<br />this sucks
[reads an article on http://t.co/jGW1oISgp6] Wow this is important. i need to get the word out on this. i've just committed an important act
you're just making up words dude. i caught you. you're busted. you're not fooling anyone anymore http://t.co/yY5afdN8vx
guy: he wants to have his cake and eat it too<br />me: i would never want cake. i would throw two cakes in the trash before i took a bite of one.
Actually, stupid doctor, you dont get it. I cant go to bed earlier. the night time is when I read and gain wisdom from my websites. dumbass.
wow, you like the commercials on the superbowl? fucking pathetic. i only watch the two hours of commercials because i have no choice
it sucks when you want to RT a good ass collatingbones tweet, but then he deletes his twitter account
wait you cant... dude st- no.... hold on [i take out a pair of latex gloves, put them on and reach over the subway glass to move the tomato]
A lot of people have been asking me if I could do a flying sideways kick powerful enough to kill someone. Yes. I could do it if it was legal
people say I'm a strong genius just because I know a lot of information and I can lift a high amount of weight. They may be right, who knows
It would be cool if people who say that technology stops us from talking to each other didn't use it, so no one would have to talk to them
Wow. Are you morons kidding me. Try reading a book some time. [goes back to reading 'the moron's guide to being an unmitigated shitlord']
Seriously? Ever heard of actually reading a book? [cracks open a copy of "how to put on underwear without accidentally hurting your dick"]
i touch you once/ i touch you twice/ taco seasoning is my favorite spice
it's weird how my good taste in classic oldies music is only matched by my very solid taste in all the latest and most current music.
said it before and ill say it again: no new nuance has been added to my opinion but im going to restate it: maybe you didnt hear before but:
guy: you're just trying to please everyone and make them like you by being "politically correct" to them<br />me: shhhh you're blowing up my spot
to the cowardly thief who stole my identity: you're about to become even more cowardly. welcome to my world, bitch
wow, cant believe this thought i literally had. cant believe i thought like 90 things and then picked one i thought was funny to post online
first off, if you're the type of person who likes niceness, this is NOT the tech blog for you. secondly, i think widgets are fucking clutch.
whoever took this picture of me and my friend on our way back from the gym, please have it deleted/erased immediately http://t.co/pYiui3Cxmj
try blowing your smoke through a tube full of dryer sheets, so that your parents will think you love bounce sheets and not just smoking weed
this is my son Krevin's room. You can tell from the smell that he loves to smoke weed rolled up in dryer sheets. He's a very mysterious boy.
"honey is our son putting weed in the dryer? it smells like he is" "no, it's just this stupid toilet tube contraption he made. hes so dumb."
you know when they say "you miss 100% of the shots you don't take"? thats me. im the shots you dont take. you never know if im secretly cool
people say that it's bad to have a two party system. but i'll tell you two parties that i want to have: two fuckin, pizza parties. whats up.
They call this country the melting pot, but folks, i'll tell you what country I'd rather live in: its call the SMOKING pot. ever heard of it
Some people may get the impression that i dont care. thats because i intentionally try to put out a vibe suggesting i dont care about stuff
if you're scared to talk to someone because they'll judge you and think you're stupid, remember, people you aren't scared of will do it too
"honey has some kind of comedy troupe been coming in here and planting bad CDs as a joke?" "no, our stupid teen son bought those on purpose"
rude ass lady keeps blocking my view when i try to look out the window. what legal recourse do i have at my disposal http://t.co/wtRDQrGM1f
when dad's tryin to cook without setting off the smoke alarm but you dont want to reveal your smoke hiding techniques http://t.co/J1oZDZ4B0h
if you write recipes you dont need to specify "fresh" for all the ingredients<br />"garlic? like, old shitty garlic? ok..." <br />"no! it says fresh!"
"Mike i need a kidney donor to live!" <br />Hmmm [imagining myself going to a fun rock concert with two kidneys] sorry, im gonna need them both.
When I was like 13 my uncle from Ireland visited and I was playing all kinds of Irish tenor bullshit on the aux cord to try and impress him
Guy from Ireland when he hears the three Irish tenors come on: ohhhh yeah. Fucking finally. The only band I actually like. These guys rule.
actually no, you stupid broad [crushes beer can and throws it against the wall] sonic is a hedgehodge.
this stupid culture of being PC and being nice to everyone is ruining comedy. what would happen if everyone had respected rodney dangerfield
welcome to a band thats called the eagles<br />its a lovely band<br />im in it man<br />writing a song about a spooky hotel<br />such a good idea<br />so trippy dude
ive got a message for all the morons out there who think vaccines make your kid stupid: im actually wicked insanely stupid. im a huge moron.
id like to wake up earlier, to stop ruining my life, but im hesitant to set the alarm too far from the bed, as id have to get up to reach it
"fish out of water" is a misleading phrase. Fish are also incredibly inept and floppy when they're underwater, we just can't see down there.
Vegetarians are allowed to eat fish because fish are sooo dumb. Additionally, vegans are allowed to kill fish, they just can't eat them
[driving the wrong way on a one way street] this is stupid. They should have made this street go the other way. This city was made by idiots
Hello my name is Mike F<br />"Hello Mike"<br />you guys know how it is. sometimes you just drink a beer, nothing crazy, you just have one or two beers
im going to go to bed bath and beyond to get someone to explain what bathrobes are for. do i wear it in the bath? where else would i wear it
"hey honey this guy Codey666 on youtube, does he own the music of the grateful dead"<br />"what does the description say"<br />"oh. i guess he doesnt"
it's weird how we evolved over millions of years to find the smell and sight of poop bad, but yet to me, it smells and tastes extremely good
Me: people are so stupid<br />Dentist: Mike this gum disease hasn't been seen since the 17th century<br />Doctor: yeah he has rickets or some shit too
Just thought of a really good comeback, someone try to insult me.
It's obvious that I am a highly literate man. For example if you make a reference like "A to Z" I'll pick up on it. It's about the alphabet.
me: well im building this table, i just have t-<br />old guy: YOURE GONNA SAND IT RIGHT? <br />me: uh, yeah probab-<br />old guy: KNEW IT. WHAT IS THAT OAK
[kicking tires at the car lot] Nice... nice. What do you got rubber on these things? some kind of textured rubber? Nice. fuckin sick dude.
WHAT KINDA STAIN YOU GOT ON THAT? NOTICE I GO RIGHT TO ASKING THE TYPE OF STAIN. IM SO KNOWLEDGABLE ITS CLEAR TO ME THAT STAIN GOES ON WOOD.
Let me just log on to my websites real quick, and see which fuckers are talking shit... http://t.co/n77Po0UuwO
dummy: duhh, I dont like when hot sauce is too spicy, it distracts from the flavor<br />me: it sounds like what you actually like is flavor sauce
Some people like pulp in their orange juice, but some prefer it with the pulp removed. This is because they hate oranges, and orange juice.
i have a dentist appointment on friday the 13th. can't believe i have to switch bodies with my dentist and gain a new found respect for him.
I made a trivet and a finial, who knows which is which http://t.co/sZgA8nkQph
noo my car broke! if only some kind of hero with a leatherman multitool were here to grab at it and fuck it up more with his plier toy thing
an emergency situation has arisen at dunkin donuts! thank god this guy has over 20 tools in one stupid pair of pliers. he'll do something.
"shit, we're stranded in the woods!"<br />never fear mademoiselle. for i have my multi tool. you need help with any uh... wires or small screws?
no my son. you know that I take my lunch at the computer.<br />"but why dad?"<br />son In this life, if a man wants to have a lunch, he must take it.
What's this? A bunch of garbage pop music for teenagers? Pathetic. [gets madder and madder as I try to eat corn chips with a knife and fork]
losers, queering up my timeline with grammys crap. Try watching the breaking bad spinoff. "im the one who knocks around here" classic shit.
the diet is to only eat foods cavemen would have eaten. pizza for example. would a caveman eat pizza? of course he would, hes not an asshole
sometimes the tears of a clown... are the biggest of all. they all cry big honkin tears as a goof. clowns bring the laughs, even when crying
i got into firebreathing because one time i tried to take a shot and spit it everywhere, and i had to play it off like i was just practicing
Those who seem heartless... once loved too much... like maybe they loved reading fantasy novels in gym class but the teacher said to stop...
just thought of a super catchy name for my new berry smoothie.<br />"is it very berry?"<br />oh shit that's way better...<br />[crosses out "highly berry"]
i just transferred my old youtube playlists to spotify, and let me tell you, if you use spotify to get rap music, youre missing a lot of it
"dance like no one's watching mike!"<br />[winking] oh i get it <br />[hours later after not dancing at all] Wow im tired from dancing so much earlier
sorry in advance to all future contestants, but i made an album with 0 writers and over 100 instruments and they gave me the next 10 grammys
i love to talk with my friends about how everyone except us is stupid. i also love to jack my own dick off. the two pursuits are unrelated.
Just went and checked who the man in the mirror is. Fuck you michael jackson.
favorite beer: Kid Rock's Badass American Lager<br />favorite book: Jack Kerouac - The Big Bukowski<br />role model: Lady in Airplane who speaks jive
Ah yes [crosses legs, sips coffee, uncrosses legs, sips coffee again, crosses legs again the opposite way] tolstoyevsky is one of the greats
anyone who saw the events on the news: check the weblog of my friend @TheSmartJournalist he wrote a book report on it using good vocab words
Money, its good shit<br />Started the band pink floyd now I have a lot of it<br />Money, so they say<br />Made the album once but get paid for it every day
New car, caviar, just kidding on the caviar but I will probably buy a  neeeew car
hahahaha i can't believe i missed the hottest christmas jam of last year https://t.co/0ZNROBryIr
Earth Wind and Fire re-recorded their hit song 'September', only they made it into a christmas song by saying December instead of September.
you know the fable where the dog tries to grab the bone from his reflection? turns out that wasnt a free phone, i dropped mine in the toilet
Stupid asshole: Im tired of all these stupid assholes around here.<br />me: yeah? well why don't you take a look in the mirror, albert einstein.
these food companies offering me tips to spice up my meals... its like... have you even had my meals? how do you know if theyre spicy enough
oh. my. monkey. fuckin. god. is that a keychain shaped like the motherfracking Fire Fly space ship. i want two. yes i do work with computers
Oh no, its snowing tonight? I gotta go get like 10 loaves of bread, in case I need to cater some kind of a bread party before the plow comes
Dang, big storm tonight? Go to the store, get two gallons of milk and 8 loaves of bread, I always make a big bread milkshake when it snows
doc, does this mean i shouldn't play my 12 string bass anymore?<br />"Uh not this ailment specifically but theres a lot of things that mean that"
moron: "duhh, i hate taco bell, every time i go there i get diarrhea"<br />me: try getting tacos instead, genius
[somebody accidentally drops a bucket of springs down the stairs, i come running in] Holy shit was victor wooten just playing a solo in here
i don't know about this guy, i might follow him but some of his tweets aren't that gr- oh shit wait... Lil B follows him. he must be cool.
Actually, douchebag, I believe you'll find that Martha Stewart loves most bloggers who are great friends and trusted allies.
there are people on this website who dont follow my account. this is wrong and stupid for two reasons:<br />- my tweets are good<br />- i am very nice
The proportions of a golden rectangle are similar to those of a well proportioned human. Basically its a sexy rectangle. We want to fuck it.
you see this? you believe this is in a kids toy store? this bat man doll? a kid couldnt understand this. you know how dark those movies are?
when you want to use a big word to show off how many books you've heard of but all the small easy words are more appropriate &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Fosters beer is offered in a large can, known as an Oil Can. this is because in Australia, its common to say "Oil ave a Can of Fosters mate"
soup is a great type of food, whether it be chicken noodle, or cereal milk.
some people today think its cool to go around acting like a total dong while being completely ignorant of the facts. so that's why i do it.
me: maybe the real murderer is the american dream, for murdering our innocence<br />judge: Mike you have brought true wisdom to my court this day
you know me hahaha... i gotta have my coffee in the mornings. http://t.co/dH3U6iAsvg
Crazy but true fact: the potato is actually the root of the tomato plant. please like and share and subscribe for more true facts.
god damn https://t.co/7r0WzZ5nXe
judge: i cant give you a warrant just cause you smell weed near a house<br />cop: it was Mike Fs house<br />judge: is it legal to give you 2 warrants?
comedian at the end of my roast when everyone says how they actually respect the guy: I honestly do believe Mike F is a piece of total crap.
this concludes the roast of Mike F. we said a bunch of mean stuff tonight but every word was true. i'd kill him if it was legal. good night.
i hope im never in a situation where a mob guy with a funny italian accent starts asking if i think he's funny. i dont think i could say no.
mobster: eyy gabagabooch. you thinka my accent is a funny joke? i kill a you stupid gavone<br />me: pfftt... no i dont think its funny... tshh...
thank you my friend but i've actually seen these tweets before @dickebuerste53
pathetic how pop music panders to the lowest common denominator now, theres no more trenchant lyrics like "splish splash i was takin a bath"
Scientist: the specimen looks like one of those puka shells. We should call that puka expert<br />Nerdy scientist: that guys a total douchebag...
i recently finished reading the book Wolf In White van by John Darnielle @mountain_goats and it's really good. i recommend it to my friends.
hey, whats up everyone, its me, the guy who pretends he doesnt think much of himself, here to apply my own feelings to everyone in the world
most influential quote? probably when cam'ron said its ok to buy a mixed drink if i cant pop a bottle, and that dipset would love me anyway.
"Mike how do you get so good at smoking weed all the time and knowing which music is chill to vibe out to?" Well first of all it's not easy.
[health inspector walks into my restaurant just as i'm directing a crew of workers to dump a huge jug labeled 'JENKEM' onto the salad bar]
my dream job is to wave those airport traffic directing lights and make jug dumping motions at a crew, who then dump out a big jug of beans.
the mouthfeel on this beer is great. it feels exactly like its in my mouth. and the fullness of it... i mean not now but earlier it was full
Hmm yes, a very watery mouthfeel, feels wet, like a water. but the flavor profile, is like, the opposite of water. lots of non water flavors
let me prove to you that ghosts are fake. <br />Q: would it be cool and fun to be a ghost?<br />A: yes<br />therefore, it's obviously fake and made up. QED
That really makes you think, huh?<br />"yeah it raises some interesting questions"<br />no i got it figured out, just seemed like you were struggling
studies have shown that nine times out of ten if you feed a baby a rock that says "big government spending" on it, the baby will spit it out
"be the change you want to see in the world" i'll tell you what change i want to see. i want to see 4 million quarters. a million bucks baby
me at a funeral: lighten up guys, humor can be a good coping mechanism<br />me fucking up peeling an onion: shut up asshole its not fucking funny
guys who talk about hating/killing justin bieber/one direction all the time have a VERY similar steez to kids who sing about killing barney
we've been tracking your son's videogame scores. he will for sure get mad kills in his life, due to cool violent tendencies from video games
Ma'am your son requires no further military training, he is already a full on killing machine due to his highly badass gun-based video games
sometimes i feel like a jerk but then i think to myself "arent words meaningless? what is life? smoke another bowl Mike youre so smart/cool"
my boss: Wow Mike is so cheap. i only have to pay him $8 per hour<br />me: you silly fool. do you have any idea how long it takes me to do tasks?
hey whats up fellow programmers. only IT workers will get this one: you know when your boss wants you to do tasks but you'd rather not do it
here's one the computer guys will understand: you know when you're smarter than everyone at work but you dont get paid as much as you want
stupid chinese crap products... bullshit... i get very wise and jaded about manufacturing practices when i break the cheap things i buy...
[i try to hammer a screw into a board and i hit my thumb] god... stupid outsourcing... cheap chinese screws. hammer made in taiwan? figures.
king arthur used a round table because he wanted to signify everyone was of equal status, but also, he didnt call himself "knight arthur"
I figured out why baseball players are always spitting out sunflower seed shells. the shells are pointy, they only like the soft inner part.
you actually watched the oscars? why don't you do something actually intellectual, and read about how whales used to be fucked up ass dogs
everyone's watching the idiot box aka TV, meanwhile im reading and actually learning something about ancient sumerian jerking off techniques
first of all fucker, its honestly funny that you would even call me prejudice. Im actually eating an ethnic burido from chipolte as we speak
you think im mad? i just think its funny. its a special type of funny where instead of laughing, i type a bunch of very angry sounding words
father i have some serious sins to confess. first off, sometimes i feel like I have TOO much respect for priests. Also, i love going to mass
forgive me father for i have sinned. sometimes when i pray, i forget to pray for myself because im just praying so much for everyone else.
many years ago, people used to think old timey shit was normal, because they were stupid. but now we've learned that regular stuff is normal
Funny that people are scared of dying in the shower. I've never showered in my life and people tell me they're going to kill me all the time
To everyone who works a thankless job: thanks for doing the job or whatever. Now it's not thankless anymore. You're welcome, from me.
There was a time when nothing was sweeter to me than a cold beer. Then I learned what sweet means, its actually for sugar, honey, syrups etc
[the movie whiplash except its lex luger yelling at me to turn up the hi hat tempo past the highest setting in garage band and i cant do it]
you guys will never believe what my son said today. he said "Mike F makes good tweets and he's cool." kids just speak the truth i guess haha
kids are the most honest people. i saw a child in the grocery store today, he turned to his mom and said "Mike F makes great posts online."
Wow lol. stupidity at its finest gentlemen. you can't even say your PERSONAL opinions on race war in wendys without people saying youre rude
if people are concerned about the quality of food in prisons, they should become chefs, get arrested for chef crimes and work in the kitchen
dude you gotta check this song out, it's so good. i mean it's decent. like, it has one or two good parts. it kind of sucks. i never liked it
some people's opinions are boring, but mine are like "whoa crazy opinion!" "how do you think that Mike" "thats so stupid ill kill you idiot"
got some good material riffing on chubby checker but i feel like i might have missed the window of opportunity for doing that. might be rude
what sorry? i didnt hear you, i was chewing my cud. yeah my uncle owns a farm upstate, i started chewing cud after hanging out with the cows
overheard at whole foods: "No, Brendia, cashews are clearly a premium nut you bitch. i just said to keep them out of my fucking trail mix."
every country has their one great novel, except america. every country has one book that americans can name, but america has 3, sometimes 5.
This is the hottest pepper in the world. The police gave it to me, they said it was too spicy to use for pepper spray http://t.co/ZgWGfNC1i8
yeah there's just one problem waiter... i DID order the large mussels, but it seems like... [rolling up my sleeves] the've already arrived.
Yes waiter, it was me who ordered the chicken thighs, but there's just one problem... [puts weird looking leg up on table] I already got em.
http://t.co/YeHDf3Fo35
i have some stuff i have to take care of right now but i'm going to come back in a little bit and try to post a funny tweet. thanks everyone
alright im back. im in the game baby. time to think of a funny tweet. if i post a funny tweet later you'll know its because i thought of it.
hello 911? i fell down the stairs on purpose. yes im hurt very badly. no i meant to do it i was testing for safety. yes i need an ambulance
[tries to throw trash into the can and misses] fuck! no! the wind in here is such bullshit. what dumbass contractor insulated this building?
Check out this wacky joke from my young son. This little guy who learned his entire vocabulary and sense of humor from me is a comedy genius
don't try and overcharge me mr. mechanic, im kinda a car expert. like you got the wheels [kicks tire], you got your front trunk [slaps hood]
HOT time saving technique: microwaving a bottle of wine for 30 minutes is essentially equivalent to aging it in a wine cellar for 50 years.
It's like a fine wine my friend: it gets better the more you heat it up.
This is maintained by a system of checks and balances. For example, the president takes longer to charge his attacks, but he can double jump
fucked up that executive privelege lets the president jump a second time while already in the air, allowing him to reach higher platforms.
The invention of the zipper at the turn of the century allowed people to zip up their clothes 100x faster than they could zip it by hand.
Boom. its fifteen pahcent, capisce? Hey, forget about it! Its outback steakhouse! We're from australia ova heah! Oh! http://t.co/L0JYd3c3cV
the furniture is smaller because people were shorter back then. you'll also notice no electric guitars. they were too stupid to invent them.
look at the brushstrokes on this piece, you can tell the artist was all like [miming painting] duhh, blue would look good here, i like blue.
You can tell by the big size of this piece that the artist owned a shitload of paint. dude must have been at the paint store like every day.
me: hey george w bush... quit bogartin that j bar my man<br />george w bush: wow lol. my bad mike f. i love blazeing the sweat leaf with you man.
i know this is going to make me a lot of enemies but someone has to say it: in the song patty cake, the guy is clearly making bread not cake
Watch it mark. @autoair
first of all fucker, this macaroni portrait of you and me holding hands together is very cute.
so you go to one week of preschool and you think you know everything about making cute presents. what's this a snowflake? dont make me laugh
love the part in the robocop remake when he arrests george bush for destroying the world trade center with a combination of bombs and planes
yeah laugh it up you piece of shit. my shoebox diorama of you and me hanging out and playing catch together is almost complete.
[im operating my minority report style computer when i accidentally grab like 4 windows at once and close the thing im working on] shit! no!
Philosopher 1: the principle is what's important here<br />Philosopher 2: I agree, it's all about the principle.<br />Me: fuck the principal.
It's like they say man... three's company, four is fuckin... stupid man. fuck off with four... that shit sucks.
professor: its the principle of the matter<br />philosopher: ah yes, the principle<br />me: mm... indeed... the principle<br />maxaroni: it's maxaroni!
greetings mr. foreman. i was wondering if you had a spot on your crew for a guy who just likes to watch the big machines. im a big tonka boy
Farmer: The cow actually has four stomachs.<br />Me: Oh shit no way... Does that mean they can have four babies at once?
while the game cant actually imprison you (illegal to go to prison for no crimes), it shows special words that tell the player he is in jail
unfortunately game makers are limited in terms of the realism of combat gameplay (only the army is allowed to use real combat situations)
me (smart retail worker): uhh, sir... you don't get to do that sir...<br />customer (idiot): im the stupidest moron in the world<br />me: wow... okay,
Subway lunch baby... Gimme that weird sandwich... Oh yeah... Put those vegetables in a weird heap for me... You know that's how I like it
me: oscar winners werent great this year<br />teen: shut up stupid old man. me and my friends are going to do professional wrestling moves on you
me: excuse me, is it ok to park here?<br />teenager: listen you bitch. my cool friends and i are going to do clockwork orange style crimes to you
me: hey buck up kid, you need to have a little confidence!<br />teen: im extremely confident, dumbass. im going to tie your shoe laces together
all the fighting between democrats and republicans is childish. if they don't work together how can they ever hope to defeat the president?
there's only three things I hate:<br />1. jokers being clowns<br />2. morons acting foolish<br />3. stupid asses behaving childishly
[leaning over to the guy next to me at a standup comedy show] who's this joker? whos this wise guy think he is, up there acting like a clown
im appalled... I apologize on behalf of all men and all whites... wow... we're sutch pieces of crap, i'm so sorry... but im cool actually...
wow, I can't believe that guy did that... i apologize for him and all men, including me. if you need anyone to have sex with you let me know
i dont know doc, are you sure theres NO other way? <br />"well... there is one old trick that a mom discovered... but it's weird, and i HATE it."
a lot of guys out there have been saying im just some huge dumb piece of shit, but actually i say a lot of stuff that sucks and is incorrect
i dont know my iq because every time i take a test its a scam thing where you have to pay at the end but i think that probably means its low
[excitedly fidgeting, grinning, visibly on the brink of exploding with desire for you to ask me what "pi day" is] did you know it's "pi day"
call me stupid, but i think a bunch of crap that is completely off base. if thinking a bunch of wrong information is stupid, then so be it.
you think pi isn't an important number? ok hotshot, tell me three numbers about a circle without using pi. they're probably wrong, dumbass.
"hey, take care of yourself Mike."<br />Wait... You mean like "take care of"  myself? [makes throat slicing motion]
"hey Mike, I'm gonna go grab a smoke, I'll be right back." <br />Yeah good luck, stupid ass. You can't grab smoke, it's a liquid.
http://t.co/v5Zj61Pcla
in a combat situation, you have to know your exits. [tries to get a pea on each fork tine] often you will find theres a sign that says exit.
most guys don't have the trigger discipline for a combat scenario [belt loop snags on a door handle and the entire ass of my jeans rips off]
everyone freaking out about elections, when they should be worried about electrons. thats what happens when you dont teach science in school
i wouldnt even be mad at the guy if he was using fair tactics to beat me. im very forgiving and reasonable. but this guy is a cheating bitch
look im not mad about losing, that would be childish and i am an adult genius. but when you use fucked up bitch tactics to win? that's lame.
i'm going to prove how reasonable it is for me to be mad by naming a situation where i wouldnt be mad. for instance if i got free ice cream.
Ive seen a lot of stupid behavior in horror movies but this lady in Friday the 13th just put her towel on in the shower while it was running
[walking down the tissue aisle] wow... someones been jerking off around here<br />[later, in the lotion aisle] some horny guy must have been here
fuckin little punk... you're lucky i have such an expensive monitor... i dont want to break it by punching your stupid profile picture...
oh shit... oh fuck dude... im totally tripping on acid... look up some pictures of like, tie dye, or some fuckin like... grateful dead songs
oh damn thats a huge potato... hold on let me get a picture real quick... in case anyone ever tries to say i didn't see a really big potato.
me: check it *opens beer with a lighter*<br />guy: wow. nice job *throws beer at a table leg and it bounces back into his hand with the cap off*
wow nice recital, it took you one year to learn to play that song on violin? i can go to youtube in one second and find a song by mozart.
if i could go back in time, i'd tell biologists like, "the mitochondrion is the powerhouse of the cell" and they'd be like "wow. incredible"
ok fine. i'll let your six year old boy beat me in arm wrestling two times. but on the second time i will reveal that i was letting him win.
it's pathetic how everyone thinks the gross little brown part at the end of a banana is the best part. i prefer the big white fruity section
99% of teens thoday think REO speedwagon should be illegal instead of murder... share if you are one of the 1% who doesn't support murder
me: listen to this song, it was cool when i was your age<br />future teen: it was never cool Mike. we have infinite knowledge, you are a fucklord
sorry but i call it like i see it. i know magic is fake, so the only way you would be able to guess my card right is if you were cheating.
magician: is THIS your card?<br />my son: WOW! dad how did he know my card?<br />me: because hes fucking cheating son. the game is rigged. lets bounce
i want to do an infomercial where i just say stuff like "check it" or "watch and learn" and then i whip a rock at something as hard as i can
Hello, Apple? I just saw the ad for your little "i pod". Well you can tell Steve Jobs that... What's that... Dead you say...  I'm very sorry
imo 2 of the best jokes are handing someone a piece of trash and not taking it back, and asking to hold something for a sec and throwing it.
a lot of people are skeptical about giving me money. but mcdonalds gave me hundreds of dollars and look at them now. they're a huge company.
rich guy: i'll take a scotch [he takes the glass and swirls it gently]<br />me: two scotches please [i swirl both glasses and bang them together]
it's sad how everyone thinks dr. seuss was so amazing at rhyming words. wake up people, he was making half the words up. zazzamazoo? come on
people think dr. seuss was the greatest poet of all time because he made so many rhymes, but he was just inventing fake words out of his ass
i wanted to see what some other people think about this. i obviously have my own thoughts which are highly smart, but i dont want to say yet
I'd take a bullet for you my man.<br />[later at the gun store] yeah i'll take one bullet please... it's for my friend.
reasons im leaving:<br />-glitches making it so no one sees my tweets<br />-RT notifications not sent properly<br />-everyone is too dumb to get my humor
first off im not mad, im quitting due to bugs in the mainframe which cause my tweets to be invisible to everyone who would normally fav them
[i walk into the computer store and gently kick one of the laptops] nice. nice laptop brother. what kind of mainframe you got on that thing?
people talking shit on me better watch out. don't do it near a cliff or like, in front of a cannon or somewhere that i could easily get you.
people say truth is stranger than fiction, but they said that when it was like the canterbury tales and shit. fiction got weirder after that
people like to show off how rich they are by buying a big TV, but it actually costs more to get 5 small TVs each with its own cable provider
look im a very progressive guy, i have no problem with feminism. it's just modern day feminists. the feminists who are currently still alive
look i dont have time to teach you economics right now, but with my salary, its cheaper to buy a new tv than to get up to change the channel
Cool move to look more tough/badass: instead of laughing at a funny movie just snort and say "this is fucking laughable as shit my friends."
Actually you stupid dumb ass, it's only called the hokey pokey when two or more people are doing it. The singular form is 'hocus pocus'
Excuse me, do you have a bathroom here? <br />"yes sir, it's-"<br />Fucking gross. That's disgusting. Come on honey we're leaving this gross ass place
Wine connoisseurs don't want you to know this, but a slice of plain cheese pizza actually technically tastes better than a fine wine.
One is easily my number one number,followed by number two. In fact almost all of the numbers are already in the order that I would rank them
In space, no one can hear you scream. they also can't charge you with crimes. it's like international waters out there. international space.
In addition to counting match sticks, rain man also had the ability to regrow limbs, he just didn't get a chance to do it in the movie.
if some stupid nerd ever tried to step to me while wearing a fedora, i would cut his dumb fedora hat in half with my leather man multi tool.
thank you but i'll keep my coat on... yes i will keep the hat on as well... no, thanks but i'll stand the whole time. im mysterious you see.
my rap playlist on google play is less than half complete at this point but its still very good. lots of good songs on there if you ask me.
son, you don't need to close your eyes, it's just a movie. the killer from the movie can still get you even if you're not watching it
the karate chop massage was invented when a guys wife walked in on him massaging his friend and tried to play it off like they were fighting
i wrote the ultimate takedown of hollywood. ah but shit, i accidentally wrote it as a screenplay. guess i have to make a big hollywood movie
i just call everyone "fools" or "motherfuckers" even if i don't actually think thats what they are. i got the idea from early 90s rap songs.
and that is my testimony your honor. im stupid as fucking shit. im a dumb turkey piece of shit. sorry, strike that last part from the record
It's not about whether you win or lose. Unless you're involved in a contest or a competition, then the point of the event is to see who wins
Parts of my body that are OK to sexualize:<br />- calf muscles<br />- the area immediately surrounding my nipples (NOT the nipples themselves)<br />- balls
liberal media: this film is highly offensive<br />me: see? It shocks you, it shocks you, to see what's buried beneath, you stupid mother fuckers!
if you're making a funny tweet, its important to know which 140 characters are necessary to the joke. you can save space by using synonyms.
http://t.co/EM91NxM40J
instead of saying "someone should do this" do it yourself. do the shitty thing that you like for some reason and find out why no one does it
yeah no shit dude. why would the apple fall far from the tree. the tree isn't throwing the apples around, its gonna fall right underneath it
it's time for the people of this country to stop believing the story of jack and the bean stalk. wake up. it never happened. it's a fraud.
so the guys in congress actually believe that jack climbed up a magical bean stalk and defeated a giant? give me a break. thats a fake story
[slams mother goose's fairy tales book shut angrily] bunch of horse pucky. you expect me to believe this shit? bunch of made up fake tales.
one thing that's gross to do is to eat a bowl of capn crunch, and drink a shot of bourbon, and then burp later, combining the two flavors
its really weird that they make products for preserving puzzles after youve completed them. like, theres way easier ways to get that picture
it's funny how people pretend to find things either cool or funny because they would look like a nerd if they said "ive made an observation"
Probably the hardest part of mastering Praying Mantis Style is overpowering and eating your husband after bearing his bug children to term
Thank you for holding. Your call is very important to us. We were actually just about to call you. This is such a crazy coincidence. Oh man.
Hello librarian. I am a teen, yet I have dark, eldritch, non euclidian desires. recommend me some books. Ive already read bailey school kids
switching from christianity to satanism is like quitting mcdonalds to work at a weird restaurant where they make shitty burgers on purpose
the plot of this game is incredible... i thought i was a super deadly soldier assassin, but it turns out im also extremely important? wow...
this game forces the player to face many ethical decisions like, do you do the good guy thing or the bad guy thing. or both, you can do both
the story for this video game is so good its like a movie, where you have to keep hitting the buttons on your remote to stop it from pausing
people think i'm being cliched when i use the spices from that one simon &amp; garfunkel song but they actually are some very good spices.
no dude trust me, this is a great beer. The guy who thought of the recipe lives in a wicked smelly ass shack and he's stupid as fucking shit
benjamin franklin was never elected president because his pursuits were mostly centered around 100 dollar bills and not stepping on snakes
interviewer: this film definitely hints at some interesting ideas<br />david lynch: yes. i know about them of course. but remind me what they are
fuck! [punches dresser, breathes heavily] this fucking... damn shit assembly instructions was written by a fucking mastermind of confusion.
no honey i'm not throwing a tantrum. it's just the instructions to this crap shit ass crib were written by some kind of mastermind engineer.
yeah i'll take the drug test. but first, i need to ask you to send me a sample of your piss. im not gonna work for some boss whos on drugs
lab drug test analyzer: i don't know boss, there's a high amount of piss in this sample. either the guy is normal or he's been drinking pee.
boss at my job as an analyst at the drug testing lab: you done testing those pee samples yet mike?<br />me: they all taste like fuckin piss boss.
my brother once ate my homework because he knew the teacher would never believe me, and she never did. it was a great move, he got me good,
well gang, i decided it with my smart brain: teenagers using slang is the most stupid thing in the world, and im too smart for the new words
Hey, it's like they say my man... if you mess with the bull, then get out of the kitchen
i apologize on behalf of all men... im humble so i can admit im bad. in fact im so humble i admit that everyone else is just as bad or worse
Oh, so I'm a "huge bitch" just because I'm physically gargantuan and I both look and behave like a huge bitch at all times?
im just asking a simple question of curiosity, not trying to trap you at all with my brutally specific phrasing, and you get rude with me?
I wanted to say "didnt know the circus was in town" to impress the guys, but i already said it earlier when i learned the circus was in town
[I see a group of punks]<br />Ha... didnt know the circus was in town<br />Friend: Mike, dont you have that circus tour schedule hanging on your wall
Been getting a lot of royalty checks ever since I forgot to say "no copyright intended" on that rolling stones song I uploaded to youtube
No copyright intended. I do not own the music of the beatles. Even though I bought the cd I realize the music isnt mine. I'm sorry. I'm scum
I don't own the property of the warner music group, I have no copyrights or any legal wherewithal. I'm a piece of garbage. I'm not worthy.
"how would you like it if YOU got a new job and everyone went through YOUR old jokes" I would love it. I worked hard on them and theyre good
marine biologist: your high school teacher would fire me if he caught me teaching this but have any of you ever seen a horseshoe crabs dick?
Chuck Jones' rules for Wile E Coyote:<br />1. tries to catch roadrunner<br />2. do illegal assaults to Mike F from twitter<br />3. harm Mike F at all times
ok kid so your hot wheels go on a little track? well i drink IPAs and kick pigs into a hole for a living. a real car would crush that track
hey kid you like that mcdonalds? i drive something called a pt cruiser and theres at least one bug in each meal i eat. i work with your dad
im a wine expert. when i drink a wine, i grasp all the different flavors, im like [making grabbing motions] got one! mmm... oh heres another
the twitter verification team picks some weird dudes to verify. who was trying to impersonate the assistant editor at App Masters Quarterly
a news service tailored to fit my needs? is it a guy who gives me the news using toys to tell a story? no? then its not my needs. try again
thats why in 5 years jokes will be illegal [Ive been shaking a beer the whole time I was talking, I open it and it sprays me] agh! Fuck! No!
when challenged to tell a story using only 6 words, Ernest Hemingway paused for a moment, then replied "me Ernest Hemingway, me make story"
a man once challenged shakespeare to write a story with only six words. in response, he wrote back "whilst verily, he hath who wrought"
Sir! [makes "roll down your window" motion] yeah sir, i saw your bumper sticker and you're wrong bitch. im smart. thats why you're a fucker.
basically this guy posted on facebook saying "we bought a zoo" is "a decent movie" so we're throwing eggs at him. thats why hes an asshole.
[giving guy a swirlie] yeah motherfucker... you like that? that will teach you to call one die a "dice"... the word is die you sick freak...
sir? the reason i followed you is to let you know when you drove in front of me earlier, i wanted to be in front. thats why you're a fucker.
ernest hemingway was once asked to describe a giant pair of baby shoes using only 6 words. his reply was "big ass mother fucking baby shoes"
The paleo diet is to eat only foods cavemen would have eaten. So, fruity pebbles, cocoa pebbles, the oatmeal with little dinosaur eggs, etc.
you hear about the guy who punched that kid?<br />cashier: yeah<br />that mother FUCKER [i kick a snickers display over] sorry that shit pisses me off
I just don't know my own strength... i think it's like medium? i could knock your fridge over but i don't think i could lift it over my head
making a dystopian film about a not too distant future where its illegal for cool men to have normal opinions. a VERY not too distant future
The main thing that pisses me off about homophobic people is that they're actually secretly gay themselves, but they're the bad kind of gay.
Hip-Hop is separated into 2 categories: socially conscious, and regular. "regular" hip hop artists have not yet noticed society as a concept
it can be very difficult at award shows to stop socially conscious artists like sage francis from revealing too much truth to other rappers
[in the comments section of a parody article in the satire section of a joke website] uh, yeah... no, buddy. that's not QUITE how it works.
"it was supposed to be delivered today but its not here!"<br />sir Im no expert but it will probably still not be here when you get off the phone
it's sad that people think 5 star restaurants are so good, when in reality 5 stars could burn the entire earth to ashes with an intense heat
you: oh lets try this restaurant, it got a 5 star review<br />me: you foolish bitch. 5 stars would collide together and super nova, killing you.
"ahh I'm hurt" <br />Hurt... Nice... Fucking classic Johnny Cash song.<br />"no I've got a big bruise"<br />Man... I could go for a couple big brews myself
Huh. Weird coincidence how this bread bag has my nickname printed on it. http://t.co/Q31BYvdGe1
iron chef host: the ingredients at your disposal are... two pieces of bread, a couple of slices of ham, and a kraft single<br />me: fuck yeah...
This is the year I finally get in shape. Step one? Measure a shit ton of apples http://t.co/MVxbLAxfuG
"the stuff we do today would seem crazy to people of the past"<br />are you worried someone is going to come from the 1700s to call your ipod gay
old man: you're probably thinking 'shut up old man', I get it. I was young once<br />me: oh no not at all! [thinking] shut the FUCK up old man...
what if you showed an iphone to a man from 650 BC. he would call it gay. he would say we were losers. thats why we must destroy every iphone
kids need real heroes, like johnny gun, who killed 400 krauts in the war, or chauncey bitterman who drove a studebaker into a bratwurst cart
dracula: ah ah ah! I vant to suck your blood... i mean, no! i am very normal... I vant to suck, uh... cups! ah ah ah! cups of... beer!
call me whatever you want, just don't call me late to dinner! the other insults are mostly true. im a fucker but im always on time for meals
I know most of the states and all of the meals.
Mike F. Now thats a guy you could set your watch by. if you didnt care what time it was and you wanted to somehow fuck up setting your watch
"set your watch using an atomic clock" yeah ok einstein. or i can just set it to midnight at the time of night when it feels the spookiest
seriously? I can't believe you've never heard of this brand of gum. you have to try it. its soo chewy.
there's seriously a huge amount of weight loss programs that somehow involve measuring an apple with a measuring tape http://t.co/IIObBD1Bqe
[crosses leg accidentally kicking my drink off the bar] i'm one of the funniest tweeters of all time according to Playboy's online magazine.
the problem with these freakin morons around here is they're all pseudo intellectuals [i pronounce pseudo likes 'p-sway-do']
thinking about hiring a local boy from the neighborhood to mow my lawn, how much do i have to pay him? is $800 enough?
Ok sickos, first off this list is garbage. to even THINK that kanye's album would rank higher than Rush makes me shit my fucking ass.
first of all stop the presses you pissant fucker. you did just fucking not put a Kanye album on the list ahead of Springsteen. he's the boss
hey yall. straight dude checking in here to say i like lady gaga. but dont get me wrong i love touching pussys &amp; doing other straight stuff.
hey ladies. straight male man here just checking in to say i love project runway. i like the clothes but i also enjoy like, sex, boobs, etc.
oh its "ok"? thanks brenda. i totally thought you were going to end our friendship of many years because i broke a stupid cup. i was worried
yeah alright tyler. thanks for telling me not to worry about it but i already was super not worried that i broke your shitty ass batman cup.
40 years ago we had the rolling stones and bob dylan. now we have the rolling stones and bob dylan but they are not good. it fuckin... sucks
thanks for coming to ritz crackers website for recipes. well throw the crackers away for all i care. we already have your 3 bucks dipshit.
its funny. if a guy at a prison gives you a shot of deadly chemicals it's called a lethal injection, but if a doctor does it, it's a vaccine
Joke I'm working on for my first stand up routine: anyone seen that movie Babe: pig in the city? I bet that was a really "pig" day for Babe.
what is your favorite album, and as well, what is your favorite song on your favorite album? thanks in advance for letting me know
nothing disgusts me more than when im spitting a big gross puddle on the floor and some other asshole who looks exactly like me spits in it.
sci fi writer: if someone from another world who didnt understand our customs saw our society, he would most likely think i was fairly cool.
sci fi writer: then the aliens came to the sci fi writers convention, and they started noticing guys having cool, ahead of their time ideas
alien: these other clowns are all jerks right?<br />nerdy, unpleasant protagonist: yes. for sure<br />alien: i want only you to learn my space secrets
alien: mervin i've come to you because i detect you are a genius<br />mervin: ah... i burnt my tongue on my stouffers<br />alien: you alone are worthy
I don't mean to brag but I wrote most of the wikipedia article on toilets and I can smell my own dick when I'm sitting down in the bath tub
if i was a movie reviewer i would walk out of like half of the movies. if it was a horror movie i'd be like "it was too scary so i left. D+"
You call this movie a comedy? All I see is a bunch of immature clowns on the screen being jokers and acting childish. One star out of ten.
my boss: hey Mike, would you mind clea-<br />me: ok first off the bat, go pound sand up your ass and don't fucker tell me what to shit do, bitch.
at the end of the day, in this grand, cosmic charade which we all know, the love that we get... is truly equal to the love that we have...
[in gordon ramsay voice] roight mate, this restaurant is full bollocks. this olive oil is shite mate. these dust bins are also a bit shite.
[Seinfeld opening monologue voice] I saw some guy eating popcorn today, what's with that? Just hot corn? That's fucking gay. Makes no sense.
hello youtubers. id like to talk about something ive been hearing a lot about lately. thats right; watergate. pretty messed up if you ask me
Hey man you don't have to tell ME about the data lake. I fuckin, basically have a lake house there. Big data rules. http://t.co/UTVcT6ZsDi
[professor comes into class, turns his chair around and straddles it] im a giant huge dumb ass just like you guys. i do fuckin jenkem lmao.
the back of my shirt reads "im a mondo shitstain asswad and it says so on my shirt" and the front says "check the back of my shirt jack off"
ohhh you mean BREAKFAST cereals? no we don't have any of those
Yeah go ahead mom, enjoy your little glasses of wine and your shows on Netflix... I'll just be upstairs brutally parodying you on twitter.
I would say my main hobbies are pulling back curtains, exposing charades, letting cats out of bags and opening up cans of worms
"oh sorry your coffee isn't quite full, I'll go top it off with another scoop of ice cubes."<br />bitch,
Wild horses, couldn't drag me away / they don't have any harnesses or restraints to hold me with / I guess maybe if they used their teeth
the thing about introverts is they get energy and relaxation from sleeping or relaxing, while extroverts are forced to get energy from pizza
what a lot of people dont understand about introverts is they revitalize themselves by sleeping in bed. extroverts need to sleep standing up
introverts recharge by sitting/chilling, conserving their energy. extroverts get energy from expending energy somehow. scientists HATE them
Introverts use their time gaining wisdom and mastering understandments of the universe, while extroverts just party. It's your call, chump.
[after sending my detective novel manuscript to every publishing house in the country I learn that the word is gumshoe and not cumshoe]
They're called sliders because if you "slide" one over to me, I will eat it.
sorry for the clutter, its just sometimes if im feeling spontaneous and romantic i sweep all the stuff off my desk dramatically before i j/o
i hear a lot of people asking this, but the reason we park in the driveway is because there's a bunch of shit in the garage. dumbass
a parkway is a way for you to drive in the park. a drive way is supposed to be a way to drive into your garage, but it's full of dumb crap
some huge shitstain dumbass in the 1920s: says you pal. im gonna put on my fingerless driving gloves and drive 17mph to the fuckin' gin mill
why don't people like me more? is it because every time i say something that isn't a stupid joke it's a mean insult? no that stuff is funny.
Many people say I'm a tall funny genius who is also a  hero. It might be true, it might not. Who am I to say. But it wasnt me who said it
if somebody tricks me, it's usually because they're stupid. they're too dumb to understand the rules like me, thats why they have my money.
[in response to something that's completely true] yeah, well, a lot of people think that, but thats not QUITE how it works. let me explain.
"funny joke, but you just know there are people who are really like that" yeah i do. thats why i made the joke. thats why its funny actually
What the hell accent are you trying to write in eugene oneill? How is avenue different from avenoo http://t.co/qToSH5RwnP
Whether ’tis nobler in the mind to read<br />The slings and arrows of mean @'s<br />Or to take arms against a sea of haters,<br />And by blocking end them?
It would have been funny if, after steve o got sober, he started going by "steven o" instead
"your son can't read the chalkboard, he might need glasses"<br />he might need a couple glasses of fuckin beer... to deal with you bitchin at him
Yeah, and plus it's got a lock on it. You need a tiny little key to unlock the paper http://t.co/ZzABrkf3yX
[reading a dossier of printed out screencaps of every time anyone ever gave me a compliment online] wow... a lot of interesting points here.
http://t.co/R0kljcQdm6
sick of everyone trying to do pussification on american culture. if you need me i will be at the library looking at online sword catalogues.
[holding up oscar] first id like to thank society, for the pussification of american culture, and my haters, for causing drama for no reason
[petting a dog] ohhh whos a big boy. whos the big good boy. whos the big boy. no. wrong, fucklord, its me. im the big boy. stupid tiny dog.
Instead of having my tattoo of my ex's name covered up, Im gonna have them tattoo (bitch) next to it and a pic of calvin peeing on the name.
this tattoo of Vermont with a weird lump on it represents that there's a small area in new hampshire that I think should be part of Vermont.
Bouillon cubes are made using a controversial process where a live chicken is placed in a hydraulic compactor and smooshed into a tiny cube
Liberal: ahh, stop shooting me, I'm a regular person just like you! <br />Me: its uncalled for you to pussify american culture you liberal bitch.
Every week I take all the coupons I get in the mail and I have them shredded. I don't want anyone finding out about all the deals im getting
[stands up during awards ceremony] congrats. i also deserve to receive this award and I've earned it but im choosing to abstain. thanks guys
20 bucks for parking? what a racket. i should go into the parking business with these prices. how much for the garage? a million? sold, baby
doctor says im supposed to leave the lights on when i sleep, he says im a "stinko trash fucker" and i "dont deserve the comfort of darkness"
mayor of boston: sir, for your fahckin lahge contributions to the city of boston im giving you a lahge italian sub. im boston irish kid.
once more the typical trolls on my sites are causing drama for no reason. ever heard of taking a walk outside? no? i shant have suspected so
since everyone wants to implicate me into drama for NO reason, im going to go out side for a walk in nature, with the sun. ever heard of it?
[i try to pick up my tv but i drop it, rip my pants and break the tv] agh! stupid fucker pants. probably made in the damn chinese tv factory
me and my friends are smart, we dont just get our values from the media. coincidentally we're big fans of media that has our values in it.
me: what time is the show?<br />friend: its at 7 PM<br />me: like, "o clock"?<br />friend: ...yeah<br />me: ok thanks for clarifying.
friend: im going out for a minute, i'll be back<br />me: out, as in out side or...?<br />friend: yeah... as in "outside"<br />me: oh ok word.
many people assume that just because he's 2pac's father, biggie is automatically the better rapper, but they each have their own strengths.
you think indie rock is lame, but it can be pretty badass. check it [puts on song that kicks the least amount of ass a song has ever kicked]
Girl: Wow, you're really hot<br />Me: thanks baby, I know that I am. [I take off my shirt revealing a huge chest tattoo that says Mortel Combat]
Pythagoras' theories have been largely discredited ever since the publication of my math book, "Pythagoras didn't know shit about triangles"
though Freud's theories were popular, they were discredited when competing psychologists beat his ass, which is now considered to be grass
When driving, you will often see signs saying you can't make a U turn, but remember, it's almost always legal to do a full 360
it would be really funny if that guy who ate an airplane got put on death row and requested an airplane for his last meal and escaped in it
ok warden, for my last meal i want... two hundred thousand dollars. cold hard cash baby.
[seeing something ive never seen before] oh... another one of those. no big deal to me. [secretly looking at it like 18 more times] whatever
"wow, dad what's that?"<br />oh nothing son. i've seen the same basic thing like a thousand times. i'll explain later after you forget about it
if you want to look cool, wear sun glasses. draw attention to them by saying stuff like "ooh the light hurts my eyes, im so sensitive to it"
me: ahh, the light! it stings my eyes, i better put on my sun glasses to protect me.<br />everyone else: oh wow that guy seems incredibly cool...
"my fish died the other day"<br />oh man that's a bummer. i wish it could have been me instead.
This tweet is funny because he's playing the character of a man who can only spell Pepsi right one time. Incredible. https://t.co/wERoGgmOqo
Everything I post is either a genuine sentiment or a joke I think is funny. Posting a joke you don't think is funny is a crime of the heart.
in my opinion one of the best rhymes in rap is when problem rhymed 'balcony' with 'falcony'
william shakespeare invented many words that we still use today, such as hurdy gurdy, jackawacka, buggly wuggly, hurly burly, hobnob, etc
Shakespeare was known for inventing words. In Othello alone he coined the words 'fucktard', 'fuckass', 'assmaster' 'dickass' and 'fucklord'.
People in the past pretended all the water was dirty so they could drink beers instead. Like "Ahh noo, I guess I have to drink beer all day"
Look, if I can do it, anyone can. as long as they have all the same traits and abilities as me, and also probably a similar amount of money
me: here's a quarter, go get a gumball and play in the snow<br />grandson: snow is poisonous and gumballs cost 6 bucks now you old shitty fruit.
It's a dog eat dog world. You can't expect to make money without feeding a few dogs to each other. It's like making an omelette without eggs
#AwkwardGreetingsIn5Words Greetings, mother fucker ass bitch
dumb corporate drone: uhh sir? those cups are just for water... sir...<br />me: bitch... http://t.co/R46rVv4QuM
Sorry for those texts last night girl, I was at the circus and a group of horny clowns got a hold of my phone and sent a bunch of rude stuff
Zeppelin? The Stones? These are bands I grew up with! Surprised you kids even know them. Thought you had special radios operated by children
So sorry about those weird messages babe. My phone is super fucked up right now... And plus my horndog friend took it... to his sex bunker
Cop searching my car: Uhhh, looks like the guy driving this car is a complete fuckass. the seats seem to be upholstered with nasty dish rags
Hey @Budweiser , could you make a keg that looks like a huge beer can, and it has a giant pull tab on top that takes 2-3 people to pull off
Peasant: actually the water's probably fine, it seems safe enou-<br />Lord: Nay forsooth... it be dirty... we must drink beers all day once more.
i sit down with a glass of wine to read The Ultimate Guide to Being a Stupid Fucker but all the pages are mirrors and photos of me as a boy
it would suck if i was applying for a job and they found all the hundreds of tweets written by me where i cop to being a huge stupid fucker
its stupid when girls say they cant find a guy, yet they ignore me. its like saying youre hungry when theres a hot dog on the ground outside
me working as an IT technician: hmmm... thats weird... have you tried pressing the button with the windows logo on it?
it SEEMS like a joke, but on the off chance that youre genuinely insanely dumb from like, a learning disability, i want to make fun of you
i know this is probably a joke but if you actually think thats why a chicken would cross a road, then you're so stupid it makes me sick.
its actually really sweet when people respond to a joke with genuine life advice for the character in the joke. its a nice impulse
she said she didn't want to go out with me anymore... so i dumped her ass of my own accord, bitch.
Hey, my friend made a cool EP of hip new music and I like it. Please check it out for me https://t.co/EIX62WjxIh
theres basically two options in a given situation. you can get mad and flip out, or get mad and pretend you're suddenly all about philosophy
guys are all the same, we all have that fantasy of killing our best friend using classic wrestling moves from the 90s. guys know what i mean
friend: [showing me the victorias secret catalog] oh man, check out this babe...<br />me: oh yeah baby... that one's a real uh... hot potato...
Cool Smart Guy Who Responds To Jokes He Doesn't Get: you're seriously asking me that? obviously the pope is catholic. so your answer is yes?
The Smug Joke Not-Getter: of course bears shit in the woods, its their natural habitat you dumbass. have any more stupid questions for me?
Oh man, I got so drunk last night, look at all these empties... Must have been fucked up to create this much carnage. http://t.co/OSHGbqBi12
i got like 200 followers from going viral the other day, but they all left when i retweeted all dwaynes good baseball tweets. bunch of fools
depressed people get all the breaks. its easy sitting around feeling bad all the time. try feeling relaxed and happy all the time. its awful
the political party system in this country is so fucked. such- ah! ah shit! [my mom drags me into sears using the leash on my child harness]
Someone gave me this old ass plane the other day and I'm going to fix it up and clean it. I think it's from like 1903 http://t.co/mBlC12Yzfo
I mostly post jokes on here, and whenever I post a woodworking thing, people like to "riff"  on it like it's a joke. But I do it for real
It is over 100 years old, extremely dull and covered with insane amounts of rust.  I'm not really worried about it @twpz
It's like they say, you know... a handjob is the sincerest form of flattery
if you give a man a fish he will eat for one day, but if you give a man a handjob, he will still be hungry but he gets a handjob so its cool
hey, if you like rap music, check out this cool mixtape by my friend @DVSblast https://t.co/Yn52yR95Hq it's good stuff, don't sleep on it
wrong punctuation, dumbass. you have to use the style that was used when the dictionary was written like 200 years ago, otherwise youre dumb
Classy guy: dont mix the whiskey. nasty wheat juice is only classy when drunk plain and at room temperature. Good tasting stuff is forbidden
sweet... nice... thank you for the credit... very generous of you. http://t.co/zAJZrByWzC
OK feminists, how can a woman write a book when her pen is always getting caught in the various straps, belts and pulleys that make up a bra
weed is legal in several states now. but what people dont know is its only slightly less legal to buy the weed and mail it to me, at my home
friend: [posts dry, shitty looking stir fry on facebook] mmm... stir fry... so good.<br />me: oh no. im so sorry. if you need to talk im here.
Hey, just a quick interest check here: anyone interested in giving me 20 dollars?
as a beta male when preparing to kiss a woman, my main opening gambit is to step back and offer "first kissing rights" to any alphas present
what's that a guitar? sick. thats tight. great instrument brother. gotta love the six string, just noodlin and strudelin. you know how it is
anybody want to come on my podcast? it's called "The Cool Ass Mother Fucker Who is Fairly Smart, Funny, Chill and Has Good Taste Podcast"
It blows my mind a little that people get really into ska as 14 year olds, remain really into ska into adulthood, and then start ska bands
me, 2004: stupid bush, why dont you fuck up more colloquialisms. im smarter than you.<br />me, 2015: the president is like the top army guy right
It's funny how everyone pretends the  beatles are this super popular band, but yet no one has ever actually heard a song by them.
[putting sugar into my gas tank] fuckin dumb ass bitch... fuckin gonna tell me i can't put sugar in my gas tank...
Go ahead frat boys, waste your lives drinking your little "beers", meanwhile I'm enjoying an actual classy martini. http://t.co/uwToa6Jds7
narrator: watch... as this lion remembers his captors from 20 years ago...<br />lion: oh are they filming. better act like i remember these fools
lion tamer: wow, he still remembers me even after i released him into the wild<br />[lion looks at the camera like "what no who is this asshole"]
you can make yourself feel good by caring about stuff, or by not caring about stuff, but if you want to help others you have to go outside
Look, I don't want to come off like some hoity toity rich snob here, I just honestly think French fries are the best kind of fries.
For the true version of this classic cocktail, you have to use chunko fuckman's recipe from the 1909 edition of bunghole liquors magazine.
me: do you have pipe screens<br />cashier: 5 for 50 cents, how many?<br />me: i dont know, ive never been able to afford this many of something before
maybe we wouldn't need to waste so much money manufacturing coins if we just made it illegal for anything to cost less than a dollar
i imagine when you're rich enough this is what every transaction is like<br />"just the one corvette sir?"<br />"hmm... how many is it normal to buy?"
this kid owns, and I wish I could be him <br />https://t.co/4sWcgCwQt8
Ah yes http://t.co/LV2RTQiSUW
The film's frangible versimillutide lends a certain hortatory pulchritude to the leitmotif of bicameralism present throughout
This a weeks worth of food for someone on food stamps, but is it possible to eat the whole pile in one meal? gwyneth paltrow is going to try
whats the deal with this cool website where it draws a square around someones face and picks a random number from 1 to 150
cop: wow who is this mysterious criminal<br />nsa agent: he looks like an older version of a guy who used a age guessing app once<br />cop: we got him
nsa agent: man it rules that we bought all the image upload websites. we have so much raw data now its giving me a hard on. love to get data
me: I've got a million gig hard drive here and it's full of data<br />nsa agent: [grabs at it hungrily]<br />me: [pulls it away] uh uh uh, not so fast
director: thanks for doing this commentary track Mike<br />me: no problem<br />director: this part was intere-<br />me: shh! shut up. im watching the movie
hey, please send me any and all instances of the rapper gunplay rapping over a 1990s or early 2000s beat, i need them for a project.
I don't know, the alpaca seedstock auction I went to the other night was poppin off... http://t.co/OHm2cG9edQ
Someone making a joke: X, Y and Z<br />First @ reply: you idiot bitch... You forgot Y.<br />2nd @ reply: wrong, you fucker moron... It's right after X
Love when olds complain that texting takes too long, then they text you like "dear Mike, Greetings, I hope this finds you well. I am texti-"
if you dont take the safety off of lighters and the plastic insert off your liquor bottle, youre basically saying corporations are your mama
people who make fun of stuff all the time: cut the shit, jerks. stop making so much fun. im angry as shit and the fun is pissing me off.
I often get really low scores on tests. this is because my intelligence is wily and stealth-like in its way. most tests cant even detect it.
theres something magical about new york city. something not seen in other cities. no one can say what it is, not even in this essay about it
clearly i dont really think that, its just a joke. i obviously think the correct thing. i don't have time to say it right now but i think it
hater: fuck you<br />me [normal but pretty smart reasonable guy who's just doing his best and has a good attitude and is chill and polite]:wow ok
nice. it looks like papa john is melting over a staircase with some butter. http://t.co/lw3V38w5rN
i need to be excused. im not technically allergic to bees but i am incredibly afraid of small amounts of pain, such as a bee could inflict
girl: do you have any fantasies?<br />me: not really...<br />girl: tell me<br />me: ok so there's this huge pulsating mass of cooked pastrami extruding fr
well i watched it, and i wanted to like it... but i simply cant like gay ass crap, which it wicked totally was. absolute horse pucky, bitch.
ok you shitty son of mine. maybe now that ive kicked the tv off your dresser you can tell me why that duck scrooge makes more money than you
i hate it when someone complains about me leaving out some apostrophes in a joke thats exactly 140 characters. its like... you fucker idiot.
http://t.co/WQJtr32c5j
If it says take 2 pills, then fuck it, I'll take like 3 or 4. But if it says take one? That's a serious pill and I won't fuck around with it
this was truly a no holds barred, action packed movie. many actions were done, and the actors were permitted to hold each other in every way
on the e-40 song bamboo, when the woman on the chorus says "rockin like bamboo", what does that mean. why is it like bamboo?
I feel bad when I unfollow someone, and then they unfollow me. Cause like, I'll be fine, but they're missing out on some really great stuff.
Mcdonalds: free cheeseburger if you stand in line for one hour!<br />me: [i run out to my car and turn the key so fast that it twists in half]
science tells us only spherical ice will melt evenly enough for whiskey on the rocks. some huge fuckhead tells us he can tell the difference
finally a rapper who is on my level, who makes actual intelligent clever references to pokemon and mario and other childrens entertainment
you can tell this guy is smarter than the average rapper. his references are out of control. nintendo, the backyardigans, zelda, you name it
i like when people call cheap liquor "rot gut", implying that more expensive liquors wont also ravage their guts with harsh chemical solvent
IT guy: turn on your monitor<br />me: whoa slow down there poindexter.<br />IT guy: its like the TV screen of your computer<br />me: uh... english please?
me, blowing as hard as i can at a moth flying by: oh im sorry, did it just get super windy in here... or is it just me?
im not a big "alcohol guy", i just drink whatever's in the house, until its completely gone, regardless of the type, the amount or the taste
[i sign up for ballet lessons and spend 6 hours saying masculine stuff like "hey fuck you pal" "ballet is manly, fucker" "im still macho"]
the basic message of any Cormac McCarthy novel is "the world is a piece of shit full of fuckers and i know a crazy huge shitload of words"
Cormac McCarthy: the wracked and trackless cowboy set down in the bitumen and the pinchbeck and asphaltum and he let slip wetly a hot loogie
i wrote a highschool essay on a McCarthy book and i used a weird sentence structure i saw in the book. i got points off for awkward phrasing
hahahahaha this motherfucker http://t.co/HfRW8WzmKZ "excuse me sir, im brett, and youre fucking up a oregons most beautiful natural railing"
irked Nelson, 41, a fourth-generation Oregonian whose favorite pastime is "exploring and finding things that have never been touched."
So far, Nelson said, no leads have turned up, "but I have like 7,000 unread instant messages in my queue."
hey peep the facts, buck rogers: if you got a problem with me being insanely stupid and ignorant, well then i guess its problem time for you
check the memo rockefeller: if me being a fuckhead chump who wrecks shit constantly is a problem, you just bought a ticket to problem city.
irony is similar to what more primitive comedians might call "doing a bit", the difference is you do the bit forever, until death, as a joke
me trying to play it off like i've seen scarface: me? of course i've seen scarface. i've seen it one hundred times. look who youre talkin to
Hey, oh, I'm al pacino. say what's up to my little gun my friend. I got a big a scar on my face.
anyone else get pissed off when the oafish brute bagging your groceries mishandles the gelato and you have to wait for him to get a new one?
when a boorish, lumbering yokel misappropriates your fine italian gelato and you have to dump the whole thing into a sewer &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
"well done sir... I tip my one million dollar cap to you... It's the most expensive baseball cap in the world" http://t.co/6vprxRWJi5
What happens to a dream deferred? Does it dry up like a raisin in the sun? Or a raisin indoors? Or a raisin at night? Or any type of raisin?
Teen, 2015: ok everyone. it's time for me to get down to business and objectively figure out whether the Beatles or the Stones are better.
want to know how i got these scars? from being the freakin godfather of the scarfaces baby. do i look like a clown to you? do i amuse you?
invasive species: nice. the invasion is going according to plan. we are eating and fucking constantly and nobody is murdering us. this rules
hey come on fellas, these insults you're wrecking my shit with aren't even that good, just stop. i wouldnt be mad if they were good but i am
watch out, im about to RT 5 of the best tweets of all time
do people actually care which way the toilet paper is hung, or do they just pretend to because they think its funny to argue about it
who cares what movies and music you like, its just entertainment man. its no big deal. some people like crap and other people like good shit
hey we all have our own opinions, there's no right and wrong here. who said it was wrong to like stuff thats kind of bad and stupid? not me.
ha. look at this shit this guy posted... its almost funny, its nearly comedic... if i respected him id think it was a joke but sadly i dont
like... im not even mad. if i was mad i wouldn't lash out like this... i only react in anger when im super wicked calm and just chilling out
i don't respect you, and i'm going to prove it by engaging with you in a seriously large shitload amount of discourse at all times, bitch.
im not smart but i know a lot of names of things. like the house of representatives, i dont know what they do there but i know its bicameral
its mothers day today, so everyone remember to call up their mother and tell her i said whats up, see if shes free next weekend to hang out
Friend: Mike you have to come to this party, it's gonna be great<br />Me: [skeptically] oh yeah? hmm... what kind of party favors will they have?
oh im sorry, is my negative and sarcastic attitude ruining our hiking trip? [now using an extremely negative and sarcastic voice] ohh nooooo
Hmmm... http://t.co/v5Zj61Pcla been checking it out and it seems theres actually not that many goofs in this film. what is hollywood hiding?
Ah yes of course... the "big 3" of laundry detergent. http://t.co/J9yiK6jRJ4
mother FUCKER [i lift my leg and do a clean sweep of the action figure shelf] it seems once more i am denied the action figurine i desire
you refuse to sell the action doll i crave? maybe youd prefer... a yard sale [kicks display, scattering toys on the ground like a yard sale]
english professor reading a play by shakespeare: oh yeah mmm. fuck yeah baby. that's the good shit. oh yeah, this shit is so tight. fuck yes
english professor watching the baz luhrmann romeo + juliet movie with leonardo dicaprio in it: oh shit... this movie is so fucking ill...
[guy in front of me slows down to let someone else into our lane] wow nice job, fucker... now I'm going to be late because of you two clowns
best movie types:<br />- superhero movie<br />- sniper movie<br />- race car movie<br />worst movie types:<br />- school movie<br />- movie where a kid has to take a bath
if i ever won the lottery, the first thing id do is go to the bank and get 20 dollars out. i might need more later but just to start with.
tip for learning to cook: learn cooking from a young age, that way when you're trying to impress someone by cooking, you already can cook
want to impress your date by cooking? buy a bunch of pizza ingredients, get really angry about them in your kitchen, then order pizza online
date: you still cooking in there? its been several hours<br />me: fucking... god damn it... *drops casserole in the sink* shut the fuck up...
ABBA : Gimme Gimme Gimme ( Album Version): https://t.co/0k9ta6XOfS
[while totally ignoring the recommended dosage on some pills] if only there was a chill app or website to tell me the cool amount to take...
[throwing the instructions away in the trash] alright... time to look up how the internet's top bloggers say I should use this shit I bought
wow... obviously Im nicer than this stupid fucker by far... I'm going to prove it by being extremely mean and saying severely rude ass crap
When writing a kids book, make sure there is no reference to fear at all. children should be caught totally by surprise by existential dread
my opinion is, you should treat children like a class of adults toward whom you are particularly nice and forgiving. don't try to trick them
me at 15: a penny saved is clearly not a penny earned, dumbass<br />me, 25: obviously a penny saved is penny earned. everyone knows that, dumbass
i get a lot of DMs [bragging] many people DM me [still bragging] i receive many messages which people wouldnt want to reach a wider audience
"just stop being so cynical and just enjoy the movie!" yeah great... fucking great... next youre gonna want me to just "enjoy" my whole life
the key to doing a good impression is to use a really bad sounding nasally voice and say "duh look at me, im [whoever the impression is of]"
detective: my god... it's almost like this sicko perv gets off on being horny...
who, those guys? don't worry about them babe. just a bunch of sex freaks and pervs who get off on being horny.
don't listen to those horn dog construction workers babe... they're always getting ants in their pants about sex. bunch of horny ass fools.
"dang, we need christian bale to gain 200lbs for this role"<br />couldn't we get john goodman instead<br />"no the performance has to be super shitty"
its funny when someone thinks of a shitty joke but theyre still a little proud of it, so they pretend to be doing a parody of an unfunny guy
So crazy that on the day he killed John Lennon, Mark David Chapman was carrying a copy of "how to kill famous members of The Beatles"
when i see people I disagree with making illogical arguments, I get so concerned for them *punches table* I just dont want to win too easily
[talking loudly on phone near a group of girls] Tony said he doesn't want me to do any spins over 900°. makes him look bad. Yeah, Tony hawk.
how do i make my money? the worlds top race car driver pays me not to drive race cars so i dont accidentally beat him and take the crown.
some clown: know how when you drop toast it always lands buttered side down?<br />me: ive never dropped my toast because im not a clumsy buffoon.
if you want to be a smart academic type of guy, just say "veritable" or "unmitigated" a lot before regular words, to "up the ante" on them.
some say i dont do that much shit and im kind of boring on the phone, but it's because i have genius level existential sadness from websites
ohhh "sequel", i get it, thats kind of funny. its like a play on the word squeakquel
the body releases a massive dose of DMT when you die. about 20 minutes later you start "peaking", thats when you're really cooking with gas.
sweet caroline<br />jet fuel cannot melt steel beams<br />i'd been inclined<br />to believe it never could
uh ok, thanks for pointing out how my joke doesnt work... except i already anticipated that. its part of the joke. its absurdism, look it up
uh hello? im looking for my friend... his first name is huge, his last name is ass... his full name is huge ass... spelled like a large butt
a lot of places like to say that you cant use the restroom unless you're a paying customer, but this isn't true if you're strong/fast enough
Oh my god... The clever berserkness of this film is like a candy of the mind... http://t.co/7higa2rm2m
Weird but true fact: Shia La Boeuf is a french name. The direct translation in english is "where's the beef"
ah yes, the sun... i know it well my friend. as copernicus once called it,"the most efficient hot furnace in the galaxy"
the sun is a fiery hot inferno of various uh... carbons and uh... hot carbonic fluids, various uh, fire structures, sun spots, what have you
the sun, or as scientists call it "the galaxys hot spot", is a furnace of scientific proportions which produces the universe's hottest heats
tree: oh holy shit im totally growing so fucking tall, im the tallest bitch in the world... oh shit no im too tall im falling over... aaaaah
a lot of people out there believe that the sun is small, and not that hot. thats completely wrong, dummies. its fucking huge and hot as shit
most people: a doiii, i think snakes are slimy and that the sun is cold enough to live on.<br />scientists, me: you couldnt be more wrong fucker.
if you need a good user name for online, here's one you can use: The Pussy Pauper
modern western literature: batman vs superman<br />14th century western literature: The Scarlet Pimpernel vs The Pussy Pauper
[I place my burger order]<br />cashier: you got it pal [yelling to line cook] one burger, make it the way guys who are fuckin shitheads like it
it would be cool if there was a guy on hoarders who had super nice stuff. like still in gross piles but with stradivariuses and faberge eggs
grandma: look at this funny picture<br />me: did you take it?<br />grandma: no, dear<br />me, later: this bitch is stealing content and not giving credit.
i want someone to give a eulogy at my funeral and say stuff like "what a grave undertaking", "Mike was really dying to come here today", etc
heres a saute i made using FRESH vegetables. yes you read that correctly, the vegetables were not old and stinky, im an amateur chef you see
little recipe i whipped up using fresh veggetables, fresh herbs, raw meat, wet water, granulated salt, cracked eggs and solid metal pans.
this cake is made from fresh cream (dont use cream that is gross/old!), real chicken eggs, cooked in a hot oven in a pan with no holes in it
#WhatsUp guys. its #me , your @Grandpa! #BET you didn't @think and old #coot like me could #JoinSocialMedia and cleverly #Mock its @parlance
stupid violent action movies... yeah, great role model for the kids. why not make a movie about a guy who fuckin... empties the dish washer.
thanks for the violent role models for my kids hollywood... try making a movie about a guy who eats vegetables and doesnt watch too much TV
me talking to a waterfall: awww what's the matter? did the little baby water fall down? does baby want a bandaid? cry me a river. Oh wait.
this is the most menacing jam of all time. I wouldn't be surprised if this guy set some ladies' houses on fire http://t.co/M3wYo0B3Nv
the sun is home to over 10 million degrees of heat. to put that in perspective, it contains as much heat as about a bazillion cups of coffee
there's 2 ways to succeed at twitter: spend your life making jokes instead of sex/job/life, for no money, or steal and get paid. tough call.
ok, fucker, i didn't "fall out of my chair". i knocked the chair over with my body because i was scared the killer in the movie would get me
thanks for coming to the dentist today. your total is 1500 bucks *cough* plus your kid is a lying fucker who never brushes his teeth *cough*
capitalism... such a shitty philosophy. "the bastard's delight" as marx called it. truly its uh... [opens thesaurus up to "bad"] fallacious.
oh you don't think capitalism is bad? why don't you take a look at the economy. ever heard of it? http://t.co/yJP2i8BqRU need i say more?
nice... looks like capitalism is working out real well for you guys... great economic policies, einstein. http://t.co/C3DHgk3eUV
wow... another capitalism fail http://t.co/pfoCyqQzs9
ok capitalism... time to wrap it up methinks. http://t.co/mhsWsnymD0
im really into funk. the seinfeld theme, play that funky music white boy, etc. but sometimes i want some techno, like the X files theme song
"Mike that mix CD was just 12 copies of Two Princes by The Spin Doctors"<br />my bad, try this one. [hands over CD with 16 copies of Two Princes]
well one two, princes is the song now<br />thats what i said now<br />and one two, my band is called the spin doctors<br />we're really cool man
"we need to do a study. Im thinking double blind, do you agree Mike"<br />sure [under my breath] you can do a non blind study of these nuts bitch
"i cultivated a pepper thats hotter than any known pepper" <br />way to go dumbass. you know that thing's gonna hurt your mouth a shitload right?
priest: *sees an atheist bumper sticker while driving* shit! fucker! *punches steering wheel, breathes heavily* im sorry for swearing god...
i remember the day i learned santa wasn't real. i parked the car in the driveway. i had just gotten home from picking up my graduation robes
me: and it just makes me feel really powerless and alone and afraid<br />therapist: uh... ok dude. get mad about it. try crying more, little baby
me: what do i do doc?<br />therapist: hm. have you tried acting like a little bitch? oh nevermind it says on your chart youve tried it constantly
oh, people are saying im brilliant i guess? not sure i would have said that myself, and i didnt, but maybe they're onto something? who knows
improv guy: ok we need a suggestion for a scene<br />audience: boooo, fuck off, this show isnt funny<br />improv guy: ok i heard "funny rap battle" go
you can call me peanut butter, because im not typically on a roll
finally, after years of hard work cross breeding peppers i made a tiny wrinkled up ass fruit that's going to hurt the shit out of my tongue.
i unfollowed like a hundred people recently and im going to unfollow even more. i still like most of them but i want to follow less people
cop listening to a rap song: nope... thats illegal... no way... thats another crime... if you did any of these moves id arrest you so fast
i'll never do stand-up comedy. i would blow the scene out of the water and be a total game changer, and i dont want to wreck too many fools
comedian 1: think Mike F is finally going to join the comedy world and totally wreck all of us?<br />comedian 2: no, he's too generous and polite
ok son... im going to have you help me use the cookie cutter to make the cookies! just press it down in the dough. and don't fuck me on this
rip in peace big man https://t.co/z0llMUYSrR
doc ive had a headache for a week, what do i do<br />"eat a whole bottle of tylenol, pussy"<br />is that safe?<br />[mocking nasally voice] "is that safe?"
doctor, you have to help, im in terrible pain!<br />"hmmm... why dont you fuckin, try to swallow an entire bottle of advil like its one big pill"
ok this is just great. first i get served a sapena, now i have to fill out an afterdavid? beerocracy is so stupid.
i dont ask for much. all i want is for everyone to stop having a fun time and admit that im technically right and smart for not liking stuff
favorite quote from american psycho: "patrick loved suits and other ephemeral stuff but even more than that he loved to kill in an evil way"
"patrick was crazy about murdering, but he also loved business administration, aka 'societal murder'" - bret easton ellis, american psycho
bret easton ellis: there are subtle cues which can tell you if a person is depraved:<br />- wears suits<br />- business cards<br />- hes a crazy murderer
Yeah its real cute when your girlfriend wears your shirts. until you go to wear it the next day and theres titty residue all over the inside
looks like i just made a fairly powerful connection, and ive been invited to the big time. smell you later, chumps https://t.co/5SxyeUwtQt
you got to know when to hold em<br />know texas hold em<br />know when to walk away<br />and when to uh, leave
the one type of critic where you can't get respect by really tearing into the source material and ripping it to shreds is a food critic
why stealing jokes online is a huge fucking ginormo deal: the guys who post the jokes, didnt uh, necessarily say it first. its like a re run
why online joke theft is a bigger deal than you think: the uh, jokes are posted by two guys. but only one of them uh, wrote it originally.
man i could really go for a couple hundred dollars right now. if someone wants to send me a gift of some hundos, well, id love to have them.
"whats in it for me" you might ask. ok smart aleck, obviously whatever money i get from this deal i'll split with you 50/50. down the middle
"uhh we have to go Mike... see you later"<br />i'll tag along with you guys, we can hang out, just "kick it" [does some little kicks in the air]
my taste in movies is pretty out there, i like some weird crazy stuff. for example weird science, uh... 8 crazy nights... um... outer limits
im going to RT my favorite neil young tweets by my friend Mike @DinkMagic<br />get ready for a great story about neil young
"youve probably never even heard of metallica"<br />metallica rules old man<br />"oh yeah... whats your favorite"<br />the demo tape bitch. unreleased fool
me: people didnt get it when it came out in the 70s but this album rules<br />guy who was alive in 1970s: its because it was super wack actually
holy shit guys. this article is a real eye opener. this one is a game changer. <br />www . buzzfeed . com/articles/Wiping Ass After Shitting
while millennials are known as the "chump generation", or the "toilet pals", i will say this for them: they don't have strong reading skills
though many call them "the loser generation" or "the generation that fucked the world", one thing is true about millennials: theyre ugly too
me: mom turn on the tv, im on the news<br />news guy on tv: check it this guy looks like a pile of trash on his way to the bad t shirt convention
guy whos actually not funny at all: yeah... take it from me... every guy thinks hes funny but hes actually not funny at all... trust me.
yeah i'll fav that tweet... pretty generous of me though... a fav from a twitter user of my caliber is like 10 favs... bitch better thank me
normal guy: whats up Mike F?<br />me: *acting normal* not much... just kickin it. *does little kicking motions in the air to symbolize kickin it*
police guy chasing me: im in pursuit. suspect appears to be a big ball of hairy silly putty that rolled through a bad clothing store
someone describing me to police sketch artist: his face looks like something where if you saw it in the trash you would throw the trash away
friend on the phone: where you at<br />me: (watching Pirates of the Caribbean) well essentially im on the high seas bound for the isle of tortuga
the worst part of jury duty is when the judge hits you a bunch with his gavel and calls you a "pussy jury bitch". It's just humiliating.
sun tzus the art of war, chapter one: never allow your enemy to defeat your armies. when your army is defeated, then you have truly lost war
you must be smarter than the enemy and do more lethal moves. this causes him to appear stupid, and become defeated - sun tzu, the art of war
when your sword is sharp and your enemy is not paying attention, and he has no armor on, then it is time to strike - sun tzu, the art of war
well sir, i cant put you on a "do not call" list, but i can put you on the "dumbasses who don't like getting good deals over the phone" list
thanks for registering! select one of the following<br />__  I want to receive newsletters and offers<br />__  I'm a little bitch who hates good deals
this vote is nothing but a damn popularity contest! its just a contest where we find out whos more popular by letting everyone have a vote!
[bird flies into the closed window] hah... stupid ass bird... watch and learn bitch [i go over to the window and open it and go through it]
ok top 5 bob marley songs, go:<br />1. I Smoke 2 Joints<br />2. Red Red Wine<br />3. Welcome to Jamrock<br />4. Shaggy - It Wasn't Me.mp3<br />5. I Shot the Sherriff
if youre familiar with music thats popular now, and not music that was popular when i was between the ages of 13 and 20, i feel bad for you.
fuckin dumb jocks... stupid ass fools... training themselves to deal with interpersonal competition and conflict in healthy ways... so dumb.
this phone case rated for military level protection. Like you cant shoot it or whatever but if you drop it on an army base it should be fine
my biggest regret here is i went with i shot the sherriff, it would have been funnier to use either because i got high or a 311 song. sorry
The problem in society is everyone wants the easy way out. Everyone wants to get out of bad situations and have it be easy, which is uh, bad
conscience: Mike you did it. You left early, theres no traffic, nothing can stop you from being on time<br />me: what if I stop for coffee, bitch
favorite romantic comedy? The Mask. favorite western? its star wars, fool. best christmas movie? halloween, bitch. im so smart about genres
i blocked two people already today for extreme rudeness and it feels righteous. theres remorse in there too but mostly i like it.
you can never be truly honest in this world... you have to lie to impress others... unless youre actually not shitty then you can be honest
people say you cant be honest, but if you say stuff that you think, and not mean, exaggerated iconoclast stuff, people usually dont get mad
Im just too smart for society... people are so sensitive/offended by my opinions, such as, batman should have got the oscar not citizen kane
Does anyone want to buy this thing for 25 dollars? http://t.co/aMRIZzjhc1
You can also buy this foot stool for 500 dollars http://t.co/yxw2eFnAWw
Nice... Just followed some guy on twitter... I'm going to pop up in this fool's mentions a bunch now. I might even uhh, slide onto his DMs.
hows it going everyone. im just here to promote this funny article i wrote years ago. i did a pretty good job on it http://t.co/VlHKrzCPl7
how do i get such rich flavor in my homemade bbq sauce? i'll tell you... the secret ingredient is, i put bbq sauce from the store in there.
you can make basic fried chicken at home, but what really takes it to the next level is if you throw it in the trash and go to a restaurant
"Mike, the boat is sinking!"<br />yeah its probably like "i am ze boat. i am sinking about a lot of important issues. oh hon hon" great joke man.
[in the voice of an extremely shitty sounding guy who sucks] pardon me bartender, do you have any dark stout ales here?
christian: i'll pray for you Mike<br />[i flip up the collar on my trenchcoat and spark a steak &amp; cheese ecig] pray for the freakin devil instead
christian (dumb (dont respect them)): god bless you Mike, have a nice day<br />me: maybe he should bless himself to make it so hes not fake, fool
guy 1: i'll have a beer please<br />guy 2: i'll have a rum and coke<br />me: buhhh, duuhhhh do you have any india pale ales or dark stouts? a guhhh
this book was incredible. its a riveting story, filled with hundreds of classic sentence types and words ripped straight from the dictionary
http://t.co/eVCnXjkAtY
jazz fan in the elevator: shh... SHHH! everyone shut the F up for a minute. i cant hear the masterful trumpeteer in this classic jazz tune.
Bro, someone broke your bong while you were out. luckily i got it on tape [i play the zapruder tape with a huge bong superimposed over JFK]
love my haters. those loser pieces of shit. love those crappy ass fools. ugh, FUCK! *punches dresser* those fuckers dont piss me off at all
youtube music critic: the rapper has a myriad of flows on this album, in what can only undeniably at certain points be classified as poetry.
as a music critic ive been eagerly awaiting the kendrick lamar album, despite me never reviewing any other rap albums. the uh, flows are ill
"its not bad, its just not as good as it thinks it is. takes itself too seriously you know?"<br />actually the movie doesnt think stuff, dumbass
it takes itself too seriously. there was a lot of funny stuff going down but i didnt feel comfortable laughing unless the movie was into it
you can tell the movie thinks the audience are total rubes who don't understand anything, but im actually a graduate of film school. 0 stars
pfah, TV is predestrian garbage... mere dribble and trifle for the lowest common denom... denomino... comma denomenoma... for fuckin dummies
[in extremely nerdy voice] Daaaaaamn... this new kendrick lamar joint is Funk-ay! The beat is so fresh!
i admit i have issues that make me stoic and badass. im not afraid to say i have mental illness very similar to that of neo from the matrix
[cop walks into the scene of my murder, my killer is holding a knife over me]<br />Oh my god you sick fuck... thank god this cool hero killed you
I'm going to see Hutch &amp; Kathy (@thethermals) perform in Somerville tonight and I'm going to have a lovely time at it
[cop catches someone murdering me] hey! stop right there! im going to drive you to an ATM so i can give you 20 bucks for killing this loser
my job is ostensibly to build furniture by hand, but most of it is convincing rich people that there is a reason to own handmade furniture
Wow, ever heard of knocking? I might have been uh... looking something up in here... furthering my education on my websites as I often do...
It's really cool how fast people go from learning that something exists to being disgusted with their peers for not being educated about it
*takes sip of wine at tasting* hm... you might want to throw out this grape juice my friend... it tastes like it went bad several years ago
[sips wine at a wine tasting] ah... this wine is lovely. thank you. [sips another] but this wine is fucking STUPID [smashes glass] fuck off
Got an idea for a horror movie: the actors can hold the camera and film the movie themselves. That way all of the shots can look really bad.
The premise of this found footage movie is so cool... they find a camera, and it has a really bad movie stored on it from the previous owner
[investigator picks up camera at the end of Cloverfield] it seems whoever owned this camera was in the middle of making a super shitty movie
wow... if it isn't yet another foolish dullard making me look like a moron in front of the top 10 most cherished friends and family members.
im a supporter of a little thing i like to call ACTUAL equality *chortles fuckily* some people tend to get a LITtle bit sensitive about it.
Don't bring your ass to a grass fight bitch... cause it's grass. which means it would uh, win the grass fight... fool.
for me, saying that i got high before seeing a movie, would be like listing the cheese as a separate topping when ordering a pepperoni pizza
"i got so high before i saw that movie"<br />oh yeah? really? do you also pack your bags before going on vacation? tie your shoes before running?
yeah my life pretty much sucks... as soon as i get up in the morning, i start to get insomnia all day, then at night i get major drowsiness
listen kid, in this life there's only two things that are certain: taxes and uh... texas.
its kind of sad, but the amount of money the state could save if they banned church and let people smoke weed, is approx. 500 tril per year.
*pulls host aside at wine tasting* dude... you might want to toss this juice... it's some of the fucking insanely nastiest juice I ever had
william s burroughs is a fascinating author, lots of great books, such as uh... [quickly skims Naked Lunch] the guy does heroin apparently?
Ken Kesey is one of my favorite authors, he made a lot of great books, like One Time At the Cuckoos nest and uh, The Big Kool Aid Acid Trip
i dont get whats so impressive about this guys acting, its just like *does a perfect impression of the guy in the movie* *everyone applauds*
Guys say they would do all these smart things if they were in the action movie, but me, I would probably just opt out of the action scenario
having pie for dinner might seem like a crazy idea: pies are usually a dessert food. but not if its that famous italian type of pie: pizza.
child: my soup is too hot!<br />me: there are children in canada who have to wear coats because its winter there now. be grateful for the heat.
People make fun of IKEA furniture for being crappy and hard to build, but the thing is, it comes with instructions and it costs like 4 bucks
I opened up a little with that last tweet but I made a spelling error and I had to delete it. I'm sorry. Im so fucking sorry. Im a dumb fuck
now when we see rotten food we think "we should throw this out" but in the past, they'd be like "are there any shitty concerts coming up?"
Yeah of course I smoke weed... I'm not a loser... What? Oh yeah of course I have enough for your twelve closest friends... What am I a narc?
boss: the customer is always right<br />me (teen genius): I spent this whole week learning about Sears, bitch, fuck people who try to shop here
me: oh no im wearing my worst shirt today... hope no one notices<br />cool guy: nice shirt... it sucks ass and fuckin is very ugly.<br />me: shit! no!
(talking to a clown after his act) youre probably joking but you know those shoes are too big for you right? and your red nose looks silly
uhh it seems like you might be joking but just in case, you realize that rainbow afros can make you come off as kind of a silly clown right?
*clown offers me a can of mixed nuts* oh thats lovely, thank you! *spring snakes pop out of the can* ahh fuck. please tell me this is a joke
sad music helps me when im feeling down by uh, basically validating my sadness and allowing me to permanently incorporate it into my brain.
cashier: 35 dollars please<br />me: wow... fuckin rip off store... dumbasses... guess i should open a store then id have fuckin... 35 dollars...
$3 for juice? what a rip off... overcharging my ass... probably costs 3 cents to make, or even less than that. i know about factories, fool.
let me show you how to pound that nail in *i grab the hammer and immediately hurt myself* well first off you need a hammer that doesn't suck
hammering some nails? let me show you how it's done. *i wind up to swing the hammer but the weight of it causes me to topple over backwards*
[i forget to flip my grilled cheese on time and its all burnt on one side] ahh stupid fucking disney movies... giving me bad, uh, narratives
here's something cool that i know, not a lot of people realize: if Kobe Bryant got married to Cobi Smulders, her name could be Cobi Bryant.
"I don't care about celebrity news"<br /> you don't care that the Pope drank a full cup of blood at his gay wedding?<br />"what?"<br />no you wouldn't care
just thought of a really good burn: "your face looks familiar... it reminds me of a picture of a model i saw earlier... yeah, a hand model!"
Jungle 2 Jungle, starring Tim Allen, was the critically acclaimed sequel to the less catchily named Jungle Jungle (1995)
Me: doctor, I feel so sad and helpless<br />Therapist: Have you tried just fucking off? Loser? Oh shit sorry I meant to say uh... sadness is cool
doctor on last day of therapy: that advice i gave you... thats for if you want to be a therapist. if not then i dont know, youre on your own
autocorrect changing "don't" to "dint" is a feature for if you want to go from being a normal guy to being an asshole who uses the word dint
while an apostrophe typically signifies the possessive, "it's" is a contraction<br />normal guy: im so sorry<br />youre a dumb fuck<br />normal guy: i suck
groundbreaking... vitally important questions being asked here... http://t.co/VHauqa08nE
🎶 Im just sitting here watching the wheels go round and round 🎵 I still release albums occasionally 🎵 still rich from being in the Beatles 🎶
https://t.co/r4MN4Mq2Us
silent movies were truly a golden age of film... the only reason they use color and sound now is because they're too stupid to know better.
the original dracula is the scariest. the grainy appearance only adds to the horror. hollywood had to stop using it because it was too scary
Mick Jagger's dad: the stones continued to kick ass, well into the 80s and 90s [mick leaves the room] but uh, I prefer the earlier material.
im sorounded by idiots http://t.co/bAFKiRBCYK
"Mr president we invented a powerful new gun, with your permission we'll begin testing it on Mike F"<br />president: yes... shoot him in his dick
doctor doing autopsy: this man had a heart attack... but the real reason he died is he was cut in half by a ninja sword like, a while ago
You had a bad day at school? Tough chunks, bitcho. Why don't you call 1 800 Reality and ask them if life is fair. News flash: its fuckin not
i like a lot of different genres of music, but the only one that people ever ask me to justify liking is rap
http://t.co/Ubyu8jE8fK
i like every type of music, rock and roll, metal, punk rock, hardcore, hard rock, soft rock, metal core, folk rock, prog rock, you name it
top 10 albums, no particular order:<br /> - NOW That's What I Call Music vol 1<br /> - NOW That's What I Call Music vol 2<br /> - Jock Jams vol 2<br /> - NOW Th
first date tips: take your date somewhere thrilling, such as a roller coaster. use their name a lot. ask for two big favors and a small one
wear sunglasses. order an appetizer that matches her eye color. dont say "I think", it's unconfident. say "i do declare" or "check it bitch"
people are so gross, dipping their fries in ketchup... i prefer a european style fry sauce, which is water with a splash of milk stirred in.
just kickin back, enjoying a tall bottle of Dirty Eddie's Crazy Twisted Lemonade Half &amp; Half With Fucked Up Iced Tea. it's got alcohol in it
Just chillin out, about to crack open a cold sixer of Gort's Shitty Lemonade
famous introverts:<br />- Albert Einstein<br />- Jesus<br />- Babe Ruth<br />- Abe Lincoln<br />Famous extroverts:<br />- George W Bush<br />- Osama Bin Laden<br />- Justin Bieber
Me? Im not mad at all. it's merely my sense of calm, measured bemusement which compelled me to argue heatedly for two hours with CalmGuy1987
CalmBemusedGuy1990: I wouldn't say I'm angry, I just find it hilariously funny that you would make yourself seem so foolish by insulting me.
peace out sucker... and watch out for the door, so it doesn't hurt your fuckin butt on the way walking through it, you son of a bitch.
"stunned" is a good word to use after someone dies if youre not sad about it really but you also are trying to not seem like an asshole.
ok sir, uh, while i personally have never been mad even one time in my life, im concerned that some other people might be getting pissed off
ok fool, fuck off if you want to... just watch out that the door doesn't fuckin strike you on your ass in the arc of its swing as you leave.
yeah and then i fell down... yeah it fuckin hurt my butt wicked bad, i was like "shit, my frickin ass!" anyway i gotta go im at the movies
you know what's a great snack? some little piece of shit dried up fruit slices. I'm always craving for some of those suckers.
david blaine: im gonna set the record for longest time spent in a tube.<br />me: big whoop. you're gonna set the record for world's biggest whoop
thoroughgoing is basically the exact same word as thorough, but sometimes people will say thoroughgoing instead because they're an asshole
for this thinkpiece, i will undertake a thoroughgoing whole-cloth consumption of the myriad slices which effectually constitute a pizza pie.
My Very Excellent Mother Just Served Us Neptune is the final planet and the end of this mnemonic device. thank you.
im so unconfident that even in my wildest fantasies, i dream of being someone who could have potentially succeeded under other circumstances
just saw tom hanks at the airport... needless to say the guy looked like a complete bitch stupid fool compared to my cool ass. fuck off.
you boys having an argument? lucky for you im a student of ethics so i can probably tell you pretty quick whos correct here. gimme the deets
you say you want a nice guy but have you even read Aristotle's Big Book of Ethics, Hammurabi's Code or Immanuel Kant's Big Ethics Adventure?
cops are just doing their job and serving the community, just like in other service jobs where all workers love and respect their customers
tequila gets me too drunk. the famous mexican liquor known as tequila forces me to get a special type of drunk with limes, etc. not my fault
"weve all got THOSE relatives on facebook, you know the ones i mean" the ones who we love and cherish? if not then i dont know what you mean
"its so annoying when my grandma sends me funny pictures online" ok bitch except i cant relate to that because i love and care for my elders
this is one of my favorite literature passages http://t.co/uEcjy8Z2G1
i wish my teen child knew that i respect them... *punches dresser* but the little pissant fucker is too FUCKING stupid to understand it.
"i know this is a joke but i really feel this way sometimes" actually... so do a lot of other people, otherwise the joke wouldnt make sense
personally, as a guy who's pretty nice and doesn't pick fights with anyone, i find it particularly rude when someone blocks me off. not cool
wanna fight? im gonna take you to clown school. where you're the principal. and uh... you have to give me a map because ive never been there
ok bitcho, you want a fight? you just bought a one way ticket to ass kick town. from someone else because i dont have any of said tickets.
if you want to toke with the famous "Cheech &amp; Chong" you better have a BRC permit... because you're about to be on your way to Bong Rip City
Im about to take this fool to school... the school where you learn not to talk shit... and im the teacher bitch... and i have a masters fool
watch me take this fool to fool school... where im the principal, bitch... and the principal there isnt a fool hes actually smart... fucker.
[voice of a guy who thinks he's smart and reasonable and making a good point] duhhh, im smart and reasonable, huhhh, im making a good point.
"who directed this?"<br />I dont know, how about you pay the fuck attention to the opening credits dumbass. this is why we're barely even friends
The Titanic, known for being one of the worst boats ever to touch water, existed for about a half an hour before it broke in half and sank.
The Titanic, which was supposed to be the ultimate vehicle for going on water, got wrecked by an iceberg (essentially a big piece of water)
Iceberg lettuce (beloved lettuce type, great on sandwiches) is named for the iceberg that sunk the Titanic (shitty boat, very easy to sink)
actually that's pretty much my go to move with a pringle. I'm kind of a one trick pony I guess http://t.co/0HTe5xASu4
priest: the Lord is benevolent, he forgives us for everything<br />me: wow I guess it's official. the pussification of church has truly begun.
somebody once told me<br />the world is gonna roll me<br />my fans will throw some bread at my head
she was throwing a baguette<br />and it hit me in the head<br />a baguette is a long type of french bread
somebody once asked could they throw bread at my ass<br />then they threw a piece of bread at my concert
i said yep, what a concept, i could use a little bread myself<br />and i could threaten to beat you up
hmm... this film is very bro-like. a perfect example of "bro" culture. yet another pathetic instance of brotherly cameraderie... disgusting
finally e3, the event where corporate shills advertise to me the array of childrens gaming products i'll be buying in the coming fiscal year
http://t.co/HvUupY0j3d
olive garden? fake italian crap. think thats real pasta? not a chance, fucko. one dish at a real restaurant costs as much as this whole menu
restaurants such as chilis or applebees are like a toilet... the burgers taste like a big chunk of ralphed up puke to someone as smart as me
(my son and i get to the shoe store just after it closes) son theres an important lesson here: this is a bad store and we never wanted shoes
candidate: my research shows X<br />candidate 2: well mine says Y<br />me (voter): i did no research but i feel i should be in charge of this decision
me: oh this stamp is kind of cool<br />stamp collector: pssshhhhh... yeah it really uh... doesn't suck shit. that stamp is REALLY cool... dumbass
the performance in the original dracula film is one of the best of all time. when he waves his big dumb looking cloak around... mesmerizing.
welcome to my beer review blog, The Beer Expert. I first started to get into drinking gross tasting drinks when i was a 15 year old dumbass
i dont know basketball, so every time people talk trash about david stern i think its daniel stern and im like "what did he ever do to you"
i finally did it... i cultivated the hottest pepper in the world. im going to call it "the hot fucker piece of shit total dick chili pepper"
we have three kinds of hot wings. theres "habanero", then theres "ghost pepper", which is even hotter, then we have "spicy fucker's remorse"
thats also the name of my one man red hot chili peppers cover band
do any big time movie or tv studios, or A list actors/celebrities want to give me a sweet writing contract based on my tweets? just asking
me negotiating my big contract: ok chief, i want 30 percent off the back end, 10 off the top, 15 on the front and 6 right down the middle.
No I get it. Youre mad that i learned the cobblers trade and i make actually pretty stylish and functional shoes that you cant buy in stores
it's stupid to go and buy a gallon of milk every week when you can just buy a quart of cream and water it down to make four gallons of milk.
people ask me whats the secret to comedy. well first you get sad and angry for a few years, then make fun of yourself about it until you die
bartender: here's your beer<br />me: thanks. by the way i could break this glass by squeezing it if I wanted to. I have more than enough strength
"what are you doing in there"<br />uh... *i quickly turn off Pitch Perfect and put on some porn* nothing. just crankin it<br />" oh eww. gross"<br />right?
"you have to expect there'll be people who disagree with you"<br />i dont have to expect a thing. i can and will be caught off guard at all times
funny how everyone in the army is like "training is at oh 800 hours" but if you actually trained for 800 hours you would be late to the war
if you know anyone who doesnt follow me on here, just give them a quick heads up... let them know about whats going on on my twitter account
reasons i was late for work this week:<br />- traffic jam<br />- i was in a sidecar and the motorcycle drove off without me<br />- caught on a clothesline
you fool, dont you realize you need to cut up your six pack rings? [i grab them rudely and quickly become entangled in the plastic rings]
i always leave a generous tip, so that the waiter won't blab to the manager about me underpaying so severely on the bill
ever "accidentally" put your hand in the dip instead of the chips. silly goose me, i got a big handful of tasty dip and now i have to eat it
"would you care for a nightcap?" yeah why dont you get me a night gown too and a candle on a little plate with a handle on it. no thank you.
for the third installment of the Cars franchise, Pixar took the characters in a wild new direction with the acclaimed film Mad Max Fury Road
"never stop your enemy from killing his own army with stupid maneuvers... for then you will beat him in the war" - Sun Tzu, Art of War, pg 5
Sun Tzu's friend: any advice for the war?<br />Sun Tzu: get your army behind theirs... to surprise them<br />Sun Tzu's friend: you should write a book
ancient warlord: ah fuck... i've once again been defeated by Sun Tzu... his technique of having extremely good yet secret plans is very good
i talk a lot of shit about Sun Tzu but the reality is if he were alive today he would probably be able to defeat me pretty easily in a war
"when your defenses are impregnable, and your attacks are powerful, then you are uh... covering both bases, as far as war goes." - Sun Tzu
"the perfect battle for me would be if i lost no troops, but my enemy was completely defeated and his troops joined my army." - Sun Tzu
"Though a scope will allow you to "zoom in" and make the enemy seem closer, i personally can get them pretty easily with no scope" - Sun Tzu
"When you take away your enemy's weapons, they don't have a way to do damage to you. you win once again my friend" - Sun Tzu, The Art of War
War is like a game of chess. After you have killed the other guy's army, and you make it so it's impossible for him to escape, then you win.
"when going to war, your sword must be as sharp as your mind, lest your mind not be as sharp... as your sword..." - Sun Tzu's The Art of War
think rich people have it easy? yesterday i was driving my rolls royce in the living room and i crashed into a big stack of 100 dollar bills
"money cant buy happiness" yeah obviously... i wasnt gonna buy it. i want to use the money to pay bills while i do stuff that makes me happy
dumb ass rich guy: shit! i want to buy happiness but i cant find the happiness store with my million dollar phone. no one can ever be happy.
life experiences to me, are easily one of the best types of experiences ive ever had
fixin to watch all of the shitty 1970s horror movies on netflix... i cant get enough of them
musician making 2nd album: you dumb fucks think you like me for my music? no you like me for my brave innovation. check this lame crap out.
how can we define art? take painting for example... we all agree that its art because its too stupid of a thing to do for any other reason,
Here's a small turned/carved mahogany bowl I made, it's for sale for 35 dollars if you would like to buy it. http://t.co/rI633MbcVe
this is a  mesquite shot glass I made, it's for sale for 25 dollars http://t.co/yRg72z0cka
old guy: I dont understand this  "social media"<br />young guy: you're not missing anything... it's all crap... please include me in your will...
there's one thing you might not know about me, fool... i may be a late bloomer... but i'm also a slow learner.
I figured out the problem society has been facing all this time.... people just dont think about stuff! I do though, thats how I realized it
we wouldn't be in this mess if people  used their brains once in a while... [taps head, body part famous for containing the brain] hello...
twitter comedian: we all know not wanting to get up is funny shit. but what about not wanting to get up... in a court room! ultimate comedy.
imagine some funny relatable shit (having a dad, stubbing your toe, etc.) but in like a dramatic police interrogation from a movie. so funny
it appears the victim died of a serious case of auto-erotic jerking off of his own tiny ass little shitty pecker that he had. rest in peace.
someone on here who follows like 100,000 people: oh I love to get a fresh perspective on the issues, about two million times per fuckin day.
stuff i say if someone tells me some boring news:<br />"big deal, shaquille o'neal"<br />"big whoop toots"<br />"hot shit, fucky guy, think i give a hoot?"
i make fun of people for being stupid, but im VERY stupid myself. how am i gonna find time to read books if i'm calling guys stupid all day.
sorry, was it not cool to talk about your grandmothers pussy so much? its just she was so proud of it. i was just trying to do a good eulogy
talking to a girl in a public tweet: stars and bars dont mean i support racism<br />in a DM: that doesnt mean racists dont have some solid points
guys who are extremely over rated<br />- eric clapton<br />- elliott smith<br />- morrissey
worst band of all time? probably fuckin... the beatles, bitch. didnt think i would pick such a popular band? tough luck, dumb shit: i did.
"im not saying the beatles are BAD, theyre very good, just overrated" ok dude, choose a more weird nebulous thing to pick a fight about
man i love to block some rude ass fools... its like... whos missing out on my tweets now? certainly not me. i can see them any time i want.
don't mix about wif me, mate... I'm from.  norf Quembly  mate... watch out, blighter... me mates in Quembly would chuff your trousers mate.
i spent like 8 hours cooking grill dinner for my dad and i feel like at this point, with all this grill mastery, im basically HIS dad now
it sucks to know that any time you feel like riffing on some british slang, @Arr has already beat you to it http://t.co/Gb16JvRflC
Sports Analyst  Flick Halftwist reporting for Chungo Fuckman's Sportsblog to say some of the racists down south are not being good "sports"
theres this drink called water. its real easy to get, but id like it here, at a place where people typicallly charge money for nourishment
you can bring a box to the post office and ask for packing tape to seal it. it's like bringing a burger to mcdonalds and asking for ketchup
guy in front of me at every post office ive been to: no! they said it would be free! they said you would give me your services for no money!
dog... if you're at the post office... and you're sending something across the country...someone is paying for it... and it's probably you.
super model: wow Mike, you're even hotter than me, a super model.<br />me: yeah... whatever<br />model: id love to date you but youre out of my league
here boy... come here... come on bud, who's a good boy? come sit... OK bitch... good luck getting anyone to pet you here with that attitude.
...and so then I said to the concierge, "free bell service? I thought you said sea shell service!"
man yeah i've watched that movie before... you'd have to be some kind of sicko freak to be into that shit... and the sequel was even worse
[thinking about advertisement several years after seeing it] man... its funny and stupid how they would even think that ad would work on me.
(child ahead of me in line at the frozen yogurt bar reaches for the last scoop of marshmallows)<br />watch it bitch... those 'shmallows are mine.
extra beef on that burrito... more... even more... i'll pay extra just put all the beef on there... thanks. now throw it in the trash bitch
my dream job would be to write jokes for popsicle sticks, i'd be sooo good at it. "what's an anteaters favorite pizza topping? ant-chovies."
"what do you call a marsupial who is "hopping mad".... an anger-roo!"
whatever your thing is in life, you can probably figure out a way to blame it on yourself, and thus stop having to worry about everyone else
computer games can be a pleasant distraction from life. all it takes is an extra one to two thousand dollars to make it so you can play them
oh my god... this movie is everything thats wrong with the world today. if we could take the script of this movie and erase it we'd be cool
the fact that people are enjoying the jokes in this movie which refer to concepts from some pamphlet from 95 years ago is the first red flag
[1990]<br />old guy: my screenname is MikeOnline<br />young guy: nerd. im NinjaPussy69<br />[2015]<br />old guy: call me Ninja Master<br />young guy: Im MikeOnline94
im going to retweet some great tweets by one of the funniest guys @heynerditsme . i nearly laughed my dick completely off from reading them.
and finally one of the all time best:
guy referring to joke hes not mad at: lighten up its just a joke<br />referring to joke hes really pissed at: a joke only works if its accurate.
OK cut the shit, you jokers. stop using our bar codes for non QVC purposes http://t.co/ULQPjoKHQC
hot time, summer in the city / doesn't seem to be winter in the city
Do Game! Buhh! http://t.co/xznjNRhpKI
you hear Congress is making clothes now... yeah they're making a line of Wool Pullovers for Our Eyes! thanks folks I'll be here all night.
i hate to point fingers but some of the guys in the pro-gun-crime message boards at http://t.co/5q6W15DqkS have some PRETTY regressive views
i was browsing the comment section on a video of one of hitlers speeches on http://t.co/sjYTU54tfa and i found some pretty crass individuals
wow. simply wow. i will never cease to be surprised at the vulgarity of the people over at http://t.co/TLqrdfFoP8
Im gonna tell you something my dad told me. I don't remember the exact wording but it's basically if you get up early you have to eat a worm
son it's okay to cry... it's not a sign of weakness... I mean I don't cry but it's not because of my strength. it's because im very powerful
yeah i might like that tweet that i added to my "favorite tweets" list earlier... which sleuth told you that, twitter http://t.co/vbaVKgefFh
man it fuckin sucks when you're uh... legally buying a dvd, and the uh... store isn't seeding it and you're stuck at 98% of the uh.. blu ray
me: oh boo hoo, is the widdle baby getting mad?<br />mother: yes, you are making my infant very distraught, please find your own table to sit at.
millennial: I drink all my water from an old timey glass jug, it's just more practical [drops the jug and it shatters on his foot] ah shit!
[im building a baby crib and i get my head stuck in the railing] nice. thats what i get for buying crap chinese furniture designed by morons
and another thing about republicans [eats a spoonful of baby food] they think theyre smart but theyre not [takes big sip from a baby bottle]
"chekhovs gun" is a rule made up by playwright anton chekhov; the rule is if someone gets shot in your play, you have to say the type of gun
"if someone is shot, the audience must see the gun. you cant hide it under a coat, or a cloth. this is called Chekhov's Gun" - Anton Chekhov
Martha Stewart loves most bloggers who are great friends and trusted allies
Anton Chekhov watching the scene in Men In Black when they show all the guns: Ah fuck... no... this is a nightmare. this movie is the worst!
i know doing this brutal takedown of anton chekhov is going to seriously hurt my chances of winning a tony award this year, but fuck it...
hey girl. whats up... you listen to drake? you know when he talks about haters talking shit on the internet? thats me. hes talking about me.
i can enjoy anything i want to, its just there's some things that i'm more naturally talented at enjoying.
i watched a movie called The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh and i cant figure out what her vice was. i dont think she even had one. weird title
you know what they say... those who can't do math... teach math.
the kind of guy where every time you see him he's pretending that he's looking for something
so the gays can marry each other, whats next, marrying me? me becoming gay? the gays welcoming me? finally after ten thousand years im free?
wash my hands after leaving the bathroom? buddy with the kind of stuff im doing in there, they should probably wash the toilet.
it looks like you are sending a comeback 20 minutes after you fav'd the burn on you. this will make you seem like a turbo nerd. continue?
sorry I broke your lamp<br />"it's OK it was really cheap"<br />oh wow look, mr cheap lamp guy over here. quit bragging about your shitty furnishings
GATSBY: Come chill... i have many rare tomes<br />DAISY: i was going to cruise in my husband's sports car.<br />GATSBY: we can do fireworks and chill
my wife will have a glass of riesling, and I will have a medium pint of the Raven's Ass Brewery Stink Dick Picky Bitch IPA
on your first day in prison, find the guy who's the best at fighting, and beat him in a fight. everyone will think you're good at fighting.
its funny how you think you won that argument when i was holding back good points and going easy on you because i didnt want to make you cry
yeah no dude that's a good point... it's better for you to think that than for me to devastate your mind with the real truths that i know.
vaccines are just new age hipster garbage. back in my day our parents would just give us a blanket infected with an array of deadly diseases
my haters: mike acts like hes smart and cool and talented but its only because he works so hard<br />me: the guys at the bank will love this one
.@bashfulcoward funny that you would send a death threat to me, the bravest twitter user of all time, who will face your threats with ease.
sometimes guys say "Mike youre slipping, tweets arent up to par lately" and I check their profile, and theyre insanely slipping at all times
im laughing that you humiliated yourself for a joke, but im not laughing at the joke, im laughing in a meaner way that makes me look smart
no matter what i do people hate me... ive tried being distant, ive tried being mean. hell ive even tried being a really sad downer of a guy
I hate it when people judge me based on stereotypes. "oh hes so talented and handsome, he cant be incredibly smart too." wrong, bigot. I am.
#GrammaticalFilms huh? probably a lot of people on this hash tag talking about PERIOD pieces hahahahaha.
"it doesnt cost anything to be nice" yeah except when everyone sees you do it, then its like "oh look at mr nice guy", "oh how nice of you!"
people are always telling me "oh you'd have to be extremely stupid to think that". wrong, dumb ass. I didn't have to, I just did it anyway
"Ohh mm this beer has a very excellent mouthfeel, mm. ah yes it feels pretty much like it's in my mouth... i can really feel it in there..."
beer guy: try this beer<br />me: ok *takes a sip* oh god it feels like something wet is in my mouth, what is that<br />beer guy: that's the mouthfeel.
the mouthfeel on this beer starts off with some wet, carbonated notes, then it pretty much continues to feel that way until you swallow it
people say you cant say anything these days without being labeled as racist or mysoginist, but it's easy if youre not racist or misogynist
if you enjoy my sense of humor, follow these accounts, who are big influences on it: @BevisSimpson @DinkMagic @tetradugenica and @wettbutt
dumbass phone: battery is critically low<br />me: yeah? you're a fuckin... critical piece of shit, dumb phone motherfucker.
if you feel like you're underpaid at work, you can either negotiate for a raise, or just work less per hour until you're paid correctly
"asinine" is a word that means "stupid", it is used mainly by people who feel that they're too smart to use the regular word for stupid
pick a username? don't mind if I blow a few nerds minds with this one... *types RealHumanBeingOnline1969*
im so fucking uh... not mad but amused, or uh... i guess i find it funny how stupid you are... it makes me so angr- i mean it makes me laugh
The Good Nice Guy, Nice Good Guy, Nice Sweet Boy, Boy Who is Nice, Chill Guy, Normal Good Dude, Good Boy and 64 others favorited your tweet!
great, i spend 68.50 on the special edition box set of the mask starring jim carrey and none of my friends show up to my mask watching party
gay people love colors (fashion, etc) so naturally a rainbow (a famous type of picture containing every color) is the ultimate image to them
when LGBTQ people see something in a rainbow color scheme, such as a brand's logo, it soothes them, and makes them feel safe with the brand
True Detective: there's only room in this town for one true detective, fool bitch... and im a detective, you stupid ass.
True Detective: looks like some creeped up shit was done during the murder, and i should know... im a Real Detecti... I mean True Detective.
this thing still has not been purchased! it could be yours
copy cats get a bad rap due to stealing, copy cat murders, etc. but a cat that copied everything you do, would be actually pretty cute.
me: would you like me to craft you a wood cabinet<br />rich client: no thanks you little fucker, i saw your hundreds of tweets about drinking pee
what's that fool? trying to get me to notice something about my surroundings and how they affect me? see if i give a shit, ass guy. fuck off
what's the best dracula movie
thinking of making a stir fry for dinner, and then maybe i'll whip up a don't-touch-hot-oven-bake for dessert.
if you sprinkle when you tinkle, just be neat and clean the seat, but if you poop into the toilet, always take it out and boil it.
well i watched nosferatu, the 1931 bela lugosi dracula, and mel brooks' dracula: dead and loving it today, and they were all a little boring
yeah a dog thats what i need... a little hairy guy to bring me tennis balls i already own... plus i dont even play tennis so its even better
dogs: hey i got you a dirty wet tennis ball<br />me: thanks dumbass, i already had this ball, and i threw it fuckin across the park on purpose
man, the joke about guys mixtapes being physically hot or on fire... thats a funny joke to me.
bob dylan: the times... they are a changing.<br />60s guy: oh man, this guy... brilliant. these lyrics are so wise. the times really ARE changin
its nuts when an actor has bad opinions. crazy that a guy whose entire job is to remember 1 scene worth of words at a time lacks perspective
people think theyre so smart for shopping around for good deals, but you know whats more fun than researching prices? having expensive stuff
"the most expensive thing isnt always the best" its probably fine. get out of my way i dont want to give you a paper cut with my $100 bills
open letter to the fuck head who took my parking spot about six weeks ago: first off all fucker bitch, i hope you follow me on twitter, beca
[writing note on the bike rack] to the guy who stole my bike: if you came back to steal my bike again, joke's on you: i dont have it anymore
[leaving a note in the parking garage] ok bitch, if youre the guy who keyed my car... i hope you live in this garage so you can see my note.
real happiness is inversely proportional to happiness on social media, say scientists who are categorically not popping off on social media
we cant be friends unless you love star wars, star trek, lord of the rings and metal. basically you should be a 14 year old guy from the 70s
"im a big fan of star wars, lord of the rings, black sabbath, all the good shit"<br />oh so like the stuff from shortly after sinatra was popular
girl: *posts a picture of her face online*<br />guy: nice to finally see someone who isnt just a slut showing off her freakin boobs. DMs are open
Id like to hate brands, but unfortunately i was raised by them and i adopted their modes of living and ways of speech and now im one of them
dummy: uh, you flipped those words around, thats not how the saying goes<br />me: ever heard of double flip literary reversal technique you bitch
"oh you dont have to watch the first one to watch the second one" i know asshole i dont have to watch any movies, but sometimes i do anyway
sorry to rant, but it pisses me off when people say vanilla is the boring flavor... its actually really good! thats why they make it so much
"mint chocolate chip ice cream is so good" yeah. nothing like eating a bowl of toothpaste with the shittiest chocolate in the world mixed in
mm i love thin mints. its great to have a cookie that feels like you need to brush your teeth, and tastes like you already are brushing them
Well i took a brave, polarizing stance tonight, coming out in defense of vanilla ice cream... we'll see how it plays out.
the hardest type of prejudice for me to overcome is definitely racism against white rappers
scientists report one of the stars in sagittarius blew up, everyone born in december is going to become a huge bitch almost immediately
as i lay me down to sleep<br />i ask that god does not kill me<br />if i die before i wake<br />fuck you god i asked you not to do that
i hate it when someone in a video is like "hey whats up" and then they immediately start talking over you when you try to respond
probably the best example of artificial intelligence so far is that machine where if you turn it on, it flips the switch to turn itself off
its weird seeing really old guys in really old movies. its like, good job acting in this silent movie but you were probably in the civil war
can i get one pint of the Abrasive Bastard Triple Hopped Dry Heave Kind of a Jerk Ale
it warms my heart to think that someone in another part of the world could be quoting my rude tweets. I could be owning someone I never met
duhuhhhh I don't know, let me think about it. http://t.co/arzocFEiV9
fool: pizza is even better cold the next morning<br />me: why don't you open up a cold pizza from last night restaurant then and eat at it, fool
scientist checking up on a bird he tagged: well basically it seems like this guy is obsessed with flying, laying eggs and eating gross bugs
if you sprinkle when you tinkle just be neat and wipe the seat<br />if something should happen when youre crappin be a good man and clean the can
I find that when a single person is rude or dismissive to me, it really gives me an insight as to whats wrong with everyone in the world.
oh no im not even mad, im thankful actually. you just made me have some really philosophical thoughts about the stupidity of human nature
dumb old man: why is google updating i didnt ask for this<br />millennial: shut up old man... you think google would do updates if they were bad?
if you sprinkle when you tinkle, play it cool, just go in the pool
mature guy: Mike do your jokes always have to be so corny and childish<br />me (human ball of corn): pssshhht... uhh... no...
(recording video in my car so parents wont hear) so i said to that bitch, "hey fuck off you bitch. i dont care what anyone thinks about me."
*adjusting camera to get a better angle for my car vine* you think i have time for this shit... im a busy man. i clearly drive around a lot
you can tell someone is giving an oscar worthy performance if they pause a lot during their lines to sigh and make a lot of emotional faces
cop: you cant park your car here, its not a parking spot<br />me: im sorry officer (under my breath) your car is here too bitch... corrupt ass...
[in a bragging tone of voice] i worked at subway for a while [realizing thats not a cool thing to brag about] it wasnt for very long though
heh, when i see this issue brought up, i cant help but think of a little web comic called XKCD... lets just say it pretty much sums it up...
"wait so you just eat pizza thats been sitting at room temp over night?" yeah... excuse ME. didn't realize you were the pope all of a sudden
friends: Mike, are you wearing the same shirt from yesterday<br />me: oh pardon me. i didn't know i was friends with the fuckin queen of england
Wrong Opinions Guy, Bad Stuff Liker, Shitty Tweets Fan, Guy With Bad Taste, Dumb Fucker Supreme, Shit Guy and 9 others favorited your tweet!
critic: these tweets by Mike F are really bad and corny<br />me (giant ball of corn buried under a pile of shit): they're uhh... ironic actually.
contratulations, you apsolute buntch of complete dumb ass's... you're a buntch of complete stupid fuckers.
people talk about being scared of big dogs, but even a big dog is only as big as say, a large 12 year old, whom i could beat up with ease
if someone comes to you with a problem, and theyre looking for support, a good tactic is to tell them how easily you could solve the problem
"thanks for dining with us today, your order number is 351!"<br />oh i get it... so im just a number to you. just a number in your little system.
sweet elderly woman: oh, you're just too funny!<br />me: oh god... im so sorry... oh no, fuck! shit im so sorry fuck
"Mike do you like this movie?" Yeah I like it so what... big deal dude... who cares, big deal if i like it... you want to fight me? fuck off
me on the show where gordon ramsay fixes your restaurant: this is my grandmas recipe, i love it<br />gordon: nice... it completely sucks, you ass
This website is completely free from advertising, we just show the good stuff, no ones asking for your money. as such, we rely on donations,
watching the original Frankenstein, I can understand why people were so scared of this guy back in the 30s. it was because they were stupid
Im a simple man of simple means, I don't ask for much. three hots and a cot, 2 square meals a night, a fully loaded ipod shuffle and a taser
I'm gonna give you some advice I wish someone would have told me at a time in my life when I was rude and stupid and refused to take advice
(walking into a bar where there are 24 people) (counts on my fingers for a minute) looks like 24 people are about to get their asses kicked.
"why are you laughing" <br />oh I was just thinking of something funny<br />"oh coo-"<br />yeah that's right I told myself a joke so funny it made me laugh
your childish attempts to piss me off are really good... so good I forgot to get mad.
Karate<br />All time best fighting style<br />Really powerful moves<br />Ancient<br />Teachings<br />Energy fields
this dude is in public loudly watching a youtube about what to do when youre a quarterback. I hope next he opens the wikipedia for big penis
maybe instead of having a bunch of ads saying you don't have ads on your site, and you need donations instead, you could just have some ads.
Jim Morrison: come on baby light my fire, baby why not light my fire, come on try to light that fire, you could maybe light my... fiyuurrrr
idiot: haha, you want some coffee with your sugar?<br />me: there's already coffee in the cup you moron. I'm putting a huge amount of sugar in it
if you want a good deal on a car, go to the dealership and say you're just looking for a new friend. once you've befriended the salesman,
if I had been at tiananman square and I had my gun on me, I would have been like BLAOW, P-KSHH, Ba-BOOM... and the tank would have been done
sorry for not getting back to you sooner, i was busy. also sorry about those 4 times you saw me being explicitly not busy, i was uh... busy
hey to anyone out there whos got a podcast... try having me on it some time... if you ever want to see what having a real guest is like.
a good tip for a sad person is to tell them about the trick of smiling to use less muscles. even sad guys know using more muscles is bad
sad guy: hmm... normally i wouldn't smile due to my inner sadness, but if it gives me a chance to stop using my horrible muscles i'll try it
just smile, it uses less muscles dude. get a motorized scooter too, it uses way less muscles. are you even TRYING to not use your muscles
oh man, sorry about that text the other night... i was drunk. when i said that i was going to "klick your ass", i meant im going to kick it
ok you some of a bitch, you think you can mash wits with me? thats the last draw.
question for pharmacists:  why does it take 20 minutes to put pills in a bottle, but if you close in 5 minutes, it only takes like a minute
wow, I didn't realize the strong man competition was in town... but it looks like I won it. http://t.co/3nR4B6LRXg
man you know what goes really good with unsalted mixed nuts? some salt does, dumb ass nut company.
oh wow these lightly salted potato chips are great, but you know what would go really good with them? a little bit more fuckin salt
CEO of O'Douls: alright come on guys... we have to figure out the secret ingredient the other guys are using. why dont people like our beer.
yeah maybe i'd register to vote... if the corrupt fuckin uh... incumbents... would stop with the uh, gerrymandering and um... constituency.
favorite quote from Frankenstein: "Ah at last... I've finished building my Frankenstein. now to add the finishing touch with some lightning"
Frankenstein is the tale of a man who is completely obsessed with making Frankensteins, and he eventually changes his name to Frankenstein.
oh yeah? why don't you go and check to see if you can look and find out any information on whether or not you can see if i care.
the inept bumbling dads on TV are so offensive, not all dads ar- oh shit! no! (i get my ass stuck in a bucket and forget my child's recital)
I just googled to see if anyone had made this joke and it turns out that I used it already. that's the good stuff
do any brands follow me who are in need of a shill? in exchange for fair pay I will talk up your products and try to sell them
I have a special version of HORSE I play with my friends. they play the part of the 'horse', and I'm 'the hippopotamus'.
deaf guy watching a movie when a subtitle comes up saying something like [happy music playing]: oh cool... must be nice I guess. sweet.
from what I can gather from movies about going to space, it's essentially like if you took a tilt a whirl and put it into a very big pool.
"people wont try anything new because theyre scared they'll look stupid if they fail" - guy who fails at stuff all the time and looks stupid
Obama: we got a big rock<br />[crowd applauds]<br />we got another big rock<br />[crowd cheers]<br />and we're gonna squish Mike F between em!<br />[crowd goes wild]
"i actually like it, it makes him seem more human and cool in a way, instead of just being a chill genius" - my followers when i make a typo
oh so IM the big stupid asshole. just because im big and very stupid and i behave like an asshole a lot of the time that makes me an asshole
so Im the dumbest moron in town. just because im a very dumb moron, and no one else in the town is dumber, that makes me the dumbest moron.
people say "do whatever you want with your social media accounts!" but it's different for me. im a role model. people look up to me on here
Guy fieri's restaurant? no thanks, too tacky for me. a taco made from a giant dorito? I guess I could try a couple different flavors of it.
nerd: uhh I'm dumb. dorito. star trek dorito<br />me: try being socially conscious like me, fuck boy<br />nerd: augh oh fuck... samurai doritos anime.
you can use vitamins and positive attitudes and social activities to trick yourself into being happy... or you can be a sad genius like me
in a good movie, actions and words must be presented very slowly, to give the actors time to pause dramatically and make pained expressions
an average guy would say this sentence in 8 seconds, but a famous actor takes a full minute. this is because reading is very hard for actors
wow an incredible performance once again by the top hollywood actor. the way he was really quiet and slow... but then he yells? mesmerizing.
oscar winning actor: yeah all the parts when i paused for inordinate amounts of time; those represented the silent thoughts of my character.
a lot of people talk shit on asking for money on line, but one of these days im probably going to do it. i mean why not its free money
set alarms with positive messages for yourself, so you can hate yourself and call yourself a fucker before you even start getting out of bed
if any celebs are in my area tonight and you want to hang out, just chill and maybe watch a movie or something, let me know. give me a call
only a matter of time before im chilling with some celebs and just kicking back with a beer or two. just have to take the initiative to ask
congress just approved a 40 billion dollar NASA project whose stated goal is "To cut off one of Mike F's arms and his dick off with a laser"
(army general raises his hand during senate meeting) is it possible to design a missile where it just blows up one guy? like a bullet missle
it's ironic how we elect all these professors and scientists to be our kings, when sometimes the smartest guy... is just a regular dude.
the dad in back to the future: thats right biff you piece of shit... clean my car... that will teach you to get punched by me in high school
warning label: Do not put hands near blade area<br />me: duhh, OK Einstein. what if there's something in there that I want to grab?
sometimes im soo glad that im too stupid/ignorant to argue about politics. its totally important stuff but it doesnt seem fun
OK, let's break this down logically: im a chill guy in general. i drink beers. im laughing as i type this. explain again how i could be mad?
yeah you got me, im mad. the guy who's just kicking back in his chair and laughing and just leaning back with a satisfied expression is mad.
there's one problem with your immature insults: im kicking back so much and im so whip crank hammered off beers that i can barely read them.
twitter is so bad. this website where i choose all the content i want to look at is always showing me bad content. im the biggest idiot ever
when you go on facebook its so bad, its like, fuck all this stuff i specifically signed up to see and could stop subscribing to at any time
so sick of all the slick new shiny fancy technology... what ever happened to old dirty stuff made of leather/wood that kind of sucks?
only a pedestrian music fan would say that the single from an album us the best song on it. true music fans ALWAYS disagree with the artist
jesus: im not mad about it, I just find it funny actually. are you guys mad? let he who actually cares and is mad cast the first stone.
nice... at last... for once i can be happy on this horrible website, which I hate with a fiery passion. http://t.co/9dlua1WBXq
saw you unfollowed by accident. just a heads up. anyway I forgive you, just watch it in the future; you could miss some good tweets that way
Normal guy: wow Mike, that was incredibly smart and funny what you just said<br />me: that happens all the time. guess I'm just used to it by now
I have a confession... I knew all the sizes at Starbucks after going there 2 to 3 times. I'm just pretending to not know venti means large
let me get this straight. the only way to find out if i have depression is to go to this doctor who makes more money if he finds I have it?
don't shame anyone for their bodies, shame them for their thoughts and their mind, which are known to be stored somewhere outside the body
yeah i'll get that sent out to you tomorrow!<br />[six months go by]<br />oh man sorry, something came up... for uh... six months
no one knows what its like  to be the sad man, to be the bad man, behind blue eyes. no one knows what its like, to be famous, to be a genius
"no one knows what its like to be sad. no one understands my pain" -  the who, 1970
James Franco, age 50, remaking The Godfather: Mama mia... you bring me this a big a meatball, right at the same time as my daughters wedding
if you see a ghost<br />and it don't look good<br />what's the movie called<br />ghost busters <br />I'm not scared of any types of ghosts
oh man... my friend... do you not realize that i am the godfather of a crime family? in fact... its the mafia, the biggest one of them all.
Welcome to all my new followers! and to my old friends, and those who were here from the beginning? fuck off i have new followers now
this is a bowl I made. the wood is black walnut, I'm selling it for 75 dollars if you'd like to buy it http://t.co/QtKZpzw0rc
listen you stupid son of mine... i wasn't stupid as shit as a kid just so i could watch you also be incredibly dumb... i demand you be smart
some fool: oh you shouldnt listen to taylor swift, she was highly racist earlier<br />me: haters gonna hate hate hate hate hate, and the fakers g
woman online: oh no i spilled coffee on my shirt, this day sucks<br />RHCP420Str8Killa: i actually think thats sexy. hit me up if your in Duluth.
my followers: whoa, Mike F is getting rowdy with the @ replies tonight; he must have some liquor in him. these will be deleted come morning
drakes ghostwriter: mr drake... I wrote a slapper for you sir.<br /><br />drake: you have quite a knack for this... 'rapping'... here's fifty dollars
"can be refrigerated and stored for up to 2 weeks" ha. OK dude... I'm pretty sure I can store it for a lot longer than that.
tired of being a total fool when it comes to cars? check out Autoweek, the ultimate car magazine. race cars, normal cars, they have it all
now that Im officially selling out, im likely going to lose my 14-17 yr old followers. good luck out there guys, I don't hold it against you
"waah, everyone keeps saying expressionism sucks! I'm going to cut off my ear so I can't hear them!" - vincent van gogh, dumbest artist ever
i've got a tip for the waiters at this place... follow me on twitter so you can read the mean scathing review I'm about to post of your ass.
christian bale doing an italian accent: hey, whoa. this is a very nice capicola mate. forget about it.
thanks for coming to my party, it's been fun. If I've made you laugh tonight, I ask that you put whatever you can into the collection plate
the old baby running a little rich? big dog dont purr like she used to? the knowhow in Autoweek will help you get her suped up in no time.
PissedOffGuy55: if you want to be pissed the shit off right away google "republican atrocity 2015". do it if you want bad feelings right now
I did a commute of ~60-90 minutes 5 days a week for 3 years. I kind of assumed I'd get used to it. you would think so right? never happened
are there any movies as colorful/stylish as mario bava's? only ones that come close so far are suspiria, inferno and masque of the red death
when your friend wants to put on a song it's like... great. I have to pretend to respect the opinions of a close friend for 3 minutes. shit!
film scholars: when you're in the process of telling someone all the best movies are from before 1970, do you ever question your judgement?
people dont make really good movies anymore. ever since movies stopped being about a guy in a suit drinking bourbon theyve completely sucked
me: god my computer is such a piece of slow shit it sucks<br />computer: ok, i just wont load the page at all if you dont like it<br />me: no im sorry
Pope: Hey I'm accepting of all the religions. God, Jesus, Jehovah, uh... the um, the muslim one. buddha. gandhi. all those guys are cool.
sweet. epic. robot. zombie. jesus. was that a mother shitting blues clues reference? this guy is the best rapper ever, hands the fuck down.
its sad that people would rather continue to humiliate their family with their embarrassing foolishness than learn facts by reading Autoweek
theres 2 options when buying a car: read Autoweek, do research and get a well-reviewed car, or get a stupid wrong car and look like an idiot
there's two types of people: those who want to get good car and motorsports info from the cool magazine Autoweek, and those who are stubborn
amazon review of a puzzle:<br />⭐<br />one star. first of all the pieces don't fucking fit together. it's impossible to make the picture on the box.
cannot stop thinking about this guy's ideas about pizza. it's insane what he thinks about pizza https://t.co/rnGdSUAauQ
Ok professional pizza chefs, forget about normal pizza. a real pizza looks like a complete goopy pile of wet garbage. a real pizza is shitty
alright losers, those are very cool pizzas... for babies to eat. this is what a real pizza looks like. a real pizza is a type of pasty soup.
this is how a real pizza looks. it looks like it sucks. it has four grapes. you have to eat it out of a bowl like a filthy animal. its slimy
a real pizza is messy. a real pizza is dirty. a real pizza should look like it wouldn't taste very good. it should have little seeds on it
What do you have to lose by reading Autoweek? Oh I don't know. Maybe your embarrassing ignorance of motorsports culture? you could lose that
car guy 1: You hear they changed the recipe for Formula 1?<br />car guy 2: Oh no way!<br />car guy 1: Just kidding... it's the same classic formula.
what movie am I watching? oh you probably havent heard of it. you've probably heard of the place its from though, which is France. no biggie
The only reason I can think of that someone wouldnt like Autoweek, is maybe they hate getting good car and motorsports info at a good price.
old movies are better because you have to appreciate them in the context of when they came out, and you're not allowed to point out flaws
no you don't get it. you have to appreciate it in the context of when it came out. this movie came out in 2015,when superheroes seemed cool
twitter guy: *gets mad at guy 2 for an hour*<br />guy 2: I guess twitter guys are mad at me today<br />guy 1: ok, as fucking if. I just find it funny.
people say you should question everything but say for example you question the lines on your measuring cup. how do you find out if its right
this brings us to the most corrupt part of society of all: many of the toxic individuals who I am calling out refuse to follow me on twitter
90 percent of people dont understand cars or which ones are good. if you're one of the smart ten percent, you probably subscribe to Autoweek
OK at this point if you don't support the fantastic publication Autoweek, I can only assume that you hate good cars and fast speeds. goodbye
*posts picture of the saddest meal of all time, a big plate of dry meat and weirdly burnt vegetables* it's so sad that some guys can't cook.
you don't get it, you have to sear it over high heat to lock in the juices. *I crank the heat really high and the juices shoot into my eye*
child poops his pants: hey we all make mistakes, its ok bud.<br />adult poops his pants: ohhh shit poopy pants bitch for life. whats up DB Pooper
can you take the sub and just take out the veggies and just toast the lettuce? thanks. anyway babe as i was saying, which memes do you like?
whats up guys *does the 'raise the roof' move* hey im cool guys. im a chill "bro" *doing the rap hand move where you pretend to steer a car*
here's my impression of an old guy: "nyaaah, I don't like this. this is stupid. what happened to just the regular version. nyaah. I'm mad"
seeing myself as funny is a big part of thinking im a good guy, because if im not funny im the hugest meanest liar i know
you should have heard my podcast last night. all the hottest celebs were there. taylor swift, uhh, louis ck, etc. we didnt record it though
Nothing like kicking back with a nice video game, and a tall bottle of Chode Hog Brewerey's Extra Thick Garlic Lovers Piss Pot Oatmeal Stout
it would have been funny if there was a sequel to Johnny Mnemonic called Kenneth Sensory
"the recipe says use this much garlic, but I use half. I also only use a couple teaspoons of oil" -  bitch who hates flavor for some reason
oh me? im mostly into esoteric art house style films, like for example the secret life of benjamin button, crash, hidalgo, uh... etcetera.
#StoryOfMyLifeIn4Words Im A Bigtime Fuckshit
everyone agrees there's just something magical about new york city, that makes stories that take place in it really stupid and unappealing
new york city is so magical. there's a special feeling you get when everyone there pretends together that it's more unique than other cities
go ahead... keep having your immature outlooks on life... meanwhile im carving the letters "SJW" into every bullet in this pack of bullets
diet soda: the classic taste that we don't like much but to be fair we backed the companies into a corner asking for flavor with no calories
https://t.co/RTc4LtiQeI
you see whats buried beneath, you motherfuckers? see what happens when you go see stand up comedy by the idiot from Seinfeld 20 years later?
guy: that's amazing<br />me: is it? something that amazes me is the entire universe. I bet you feel dumb being amazed about something so small
Yeah I dont know *throws a touchdown pass* so much of what we do as a society is just intellectually bankrupt *hot babe smooches me* its sad
sobering thoughts from mike c tonight. makes me want to stop tweeting entirely
I have a patreon at http://t.co/KzH3uIlqzB , if youd like to pay me for making jokes id really appreciate it but i'll make them regardless
no such thing as a free lunch. don't believe me? think of the cheapest lunch you can. what? a mcdouble? still costs a dollar. not free. boom
pisses me off when clowns thinks theres free lunch. not a chance. soup? costs $3. sandwich? at least a few bucks. salad? not free either pal
anyone out there who thinks that theres such a thing as free lunch, just bring me whichever lunch you think is free and i'll test it out.
ok fine honey, don't get the driving gloves. just dont get mad at me if i crash the car because the wheel gets too hot and i have to let go.
excerpt from upton sinclair's groundbreaking novel The Jungle: "this meat is gross!" Howard spat into the meat "Next I'm gonna pee into it."
when old guys talk about "playing jacks", "pick up sticks", "sack race" or "stick ball", those are all just different terms for jerking off
rest in peace to sean price. I just saw the news and I immediately became sad and said "nooo" out loud very quietly
its incredible how long it took for people to figure out that there were only like 5 doo wop songs. that lasted like 19 years
things you should know when dating an introvert:<br />- theyre cooler than they seem<br />- very smart<br />- good taste in music<br />- give them extra respect
things you should know before talking to an introvert who has depression and is a homebody:<br />- theyre much smarter than you<br />- they read books
id like to make a video showing how many ways i can open a beer, but im not interested in drinking that many beers. i just like to pry stuff
introvert: oh im so tired from being up and about i need a rest<br />extrovert: im tired from sleeping actually, i need to get energy at the club
All of my tweets are endorsed by and represent the opinions of NBC, Monsanto, McDonalds, the stores Sears and Target and the FCC. Thanks
white people are so dumb. here's a typical white guy: "hi Travis, it's me, Austin. I love mayonnaise, i use a toilet brush as a toothbrush"
can I get a plate of the spicy fuckers hot shit red alert wings, a thick bitter's hop torture Ale, and can you also kick my ass a little bit
tv is fuckin garbage nowadays. except obviously the good stuff. i only watch about 2 shows, not including comedies or dramas. maybe 12 total
I want the ghost pepper wings, extra hot, some hot sauce on the side, and I want your heaviest line cook to punch me in the back of my head
journalist: oddly, as soon as i began to snoop rudely around the place asking questions, they acted like I was rude, or like I was snooping
they say the journey is more important than the destination, but in the case of fruit thats hard to peel, thats completely stupid and wrong
"the journey is more important than the destination"<br />sorry, cant hear you over the plane thats taking me to my destination. oops im here now
dumbass: the plot of this movie doesnt make sense<br />me: im looking at millions of pictures right now, i dont have time to think about the plot
what i dont get is, if im not part of the solution on either side, how can i be part of the problem on both sides? why does everyone hate me
shout out to my two closest friends, @RyanPhillippe and @TayeDiggs . hows it going fellas?
i hate when people critique the plot of a cool horror movie. im seeing cool pictures for 2 hours, if theres a plot, cool but i dont need it
hey @POTUS are we still on for tomorrow night? for just kicking it and hanging out like we planned to?
democrats: chill geniuses who recognize the importance of social media<br />republicans: angry bozo party, rips their pants when they bend over
your brain is like a human body.... and you're the brain.
your mind is like a canvas... your brain is the frame... your body the the art supply store... and you're the paint.
hey i invent a new kinda pasta... I call it angel hair<br />"dog, that's spaghetti"<br />ah... let's a take out a the ruler my friend. we'll a see.
want to feel old? a child who was born in 1996, is now able to legally buy alcohol in the USA
here's something that will make you feel old: if a child was born the same day Zach and Cody came out, today he would be old enough to drink
classic quote from one of my best tweets  https://t.co/xd2L3uRctV
baby boomers: bad generation name, sounds like theyre babies<br />generation x: very badass name, clearly #1<br />millennials: futuristic, but corny
millennial:i get sad at work<br />baby boomer: huh?<br />millennial: the company brass is really rumpling my bupkis<br />baby boomer: I know what you mean
body: give me some water, I'm thirsty!<br />me: ok<br />(later)<br />body: I dont want the water actually, I'm gonna shoot it out of our dick<br />me: dumbass.
imagine how hard it would be to try to make a movie in Hollywood that isn't a sequel or a remake... it's probably impossible. far too risky
telling me that I won't believe something is basically a one way ticket to having me believe it. don't tell me what i won't do, fucker
introducing Coca-Cola throwback edition, made with real water instead of pee, for the first time since 1950
"what kind of music are you into"<br />you know that song, the night the lights went out in georgia? I like that one. not a fan of other songs
to all the babies complaining that they found a finger in their food: big deal, I eat fingers all the time - they're called chicken fingers
*i put a poker in the fire* wheres the secret base? *i put in a 2nd poker* tell me *I press a nug of weed between the two pokers and inhale*
scientists say you should eat close to 100 bugs in your lifetime, but I say fuck off, I eat what I like. who's with me
if those two popular things became co-involved? it would break the Internet dude. cause of all the uh, posts. boom... broken Internet much?
everyone's discussing this thing so much; what if it combined with the thing from before. boom. broken Internet baby. the fucker would break
can't believe people are mad about my statement broadly denigrating the group they belong to. its unreasonable to take issue with my insults
its fine if you want to spend all your time online insulting people, i do it myself. but please don't blame them when they block you or w/e
it's unfair to make jokes about republicans; they're not funny so they can't retaliate, but they're still people just like you and me
I take night time cold medicine to get in peak condition for my night time activities and the crap makes me sleepy? you just lost a customer
if you are unsatisfied with your shopping experience, inform a manager, and we will happily give you something to be unsatisfied about
(talking to bird that just flew into the window) ok dumbass even if the window was open what were you gonna do in there make a nest? grow up
if you take something to the dry cleaner, all they do is take it out back and kind of brush it off with their hand and put it in the dryer
dentist: you really should be brushing as often as you can. for instance just now when I left the room for a minute, I was brushing my teeth
i deserve the right to vote, but i should definitely be strongly discouraged if i try to do it, shamed for my ignorance of the issues, etc.
yeah im certified to perform CPR... courtesy, politeness and respect.
want to play a drinking game? it's called see who can drink however much they want to while we're just chilling and maybe we watch a movie
favorite music: everything but rap and country<br />favorite food: everything but soups and salads<br />favorite car: everything but trucks and sedans
what music do I like? a little bit of everything. what kind of car do I drive? oh I'm not too picky, I drive every car
im a meet and potatoes kinda guy. i like to meet up for potatoes
what, you never heard of an Assturducken? I'll explain it to you: you shove a duck into a chicken, you shove the chicken into a turkey and y
*gives away content for free*<br />*some guy sells it like 3 years later*<br />hey fucker i was just about to sell that but you did it before i could.
joke I'm working on:<br />Q: what fish played the famous character of Don Corleone in the classic picture The Godfather (1972)?<br />A: Marlin Brando
mom: i dont want you smoking that crap Bathaniel, its bad for your lungs<br />dad: yeah that would be true... if it wasnt filtered through water.
Ben Franklin is famous for affixing a key to a kite, allowing him to "unlock" the clouds, giving man access to lightning, aka electricity.
straight outta compton, a crazy motherfucker named ice cube, from the film called Are We There Yet 2
in the land of the blind, the man with one eye is king, but you could just say you have one eye and they would have to take your word for it
If i was ever rude or mean to you, I apologize but I had to do it in order to create my bad boy tough guy image that you all respect so much
cement shoes? folks call me crazy but i'd rather just have regular shoes! then i wouldn't sink to the bottom of the ocean, ending my life!
13 Year Old Hero Shocks The Nation And Will Make You Cry By Quoting Some Of The Most On Point Shit About Donald Trump From The Hottest Blogs
When You See This 14 Year Old Hero, He Will Make You Cry, and He Will Make You Look Like a Bitch in Front of Your Family, He Will Shame You
Courageous Young Boy Wins The Hearts of Americans in a Macabre and Likely Illegal Sweepstakes
wow its convenient how that worked out in the movie. funny how the events transpired in a cool suspenseful way... seems a little fishy to me
its dumb how everything in this movie works out perfectly so cool stuff happens. i wish it was just anecdotes that go nowhere like real life
im supposed to just believe events unfolded such that a bunch of badass shit happened, and they just happened to film it? seems suspicious.
this movie is a non-stop thrill ride. total unrealistic garbage. we sleep for a third of our lives, we should sleep for a third of the movie
really so im supposed to believe the police are solving a cool case every week? how about an episode where they do paperwork and shoot a kid
wow look at the sleek styling of that guys car... all those smooth curves. you can tell he has a really lumpy square shaped dick
I don't know if this movie was really true to life... seems suspect to me. http://t.co/NDCXNuVkXj
watching horror movies is like the olympics of trying not to engage in victim blaming
for my next trick... I will turn this deck of cards into a big mess that I have to pick up later http://t.co/xSZvVrozNP
in police procedurals, the villain is usually not the criminal, but the police guy's boss who tells him what he's not allowed to do as a cop
movie cop: i got the evidence chief<br />chief: but you broke into the guys house, i asked you not to but you did. we cant use this evidence.
cop, breaking a guys window in a movie: fuck what the chief says... i know this guy did it<br />guy who owns the house: maybe listen to the chief
movie cop: sick of the red tape, im busting the door down<br />land lord: your boss just called, i was mailing him a key. you owe me for the door
its insane that i saw this as a kid. if society were good, sex would have caught me totally by surprise when i found out about it at age 18
it's crazy that there was a reference to a "poopy booby" in this TV show for 12 year olds. these adult themes are too advanced for a child
its so corrupt that there was kind of a reference to sex on the animaniacs when i was 14... only an adult could laugh at something so mature
this joke that my friends and i did a while ago is still really funny to me, i forgot about it until now https://t.co/ooKbSEC6G8
when immature friends try to bait you into a childish fight but you're too mature http://t.co/QRHmIOj7eL
when you go to mcdonalds on your lunch break but you order too many nuggets at once and you have to wait at the table http://t.co/a8cl8mXASx
when ur pretending u didnt eat the last pizza slice but your lip gets caught on the box and everyone can tell you did http://t.co/UPmUVuFujx
check out this wooden ornament. I didn't carve it, a machine did, but I'm going to make a box and use it in the lid. http://t.co/KtflqBkXWg
guy on the news: never expected him to do this. im shocked.<br />dude if you like being able to expect everything someone does just chill with me
give your livestock a good life, before you kill them in the ultimate reversal of fortune. the betrayal emotions give the meat extra flavor
ethical consumer buying meat: so uh, did this guy think everything was cool before they, you know *makes throat slice motion* or was he mad?
too ashamed to admit i dont care, too socially conscious to ask who cares... the ultimate dilemma
programmer: i can afford top of the line model but i want some laborers opinions on which one is best<br />laborer: just get the nice one asshole
now of course i can afford the state of the art version... i just want to ask some blue collar guys who can't for their opinions on it.
its sad that kids as young as 5 are using ipads. i was 20 years old before i saw an ipad. its a coincidence that they came out when i was 20
vegans and vegetarians both love vegetables, but vegans are completely against animal killing, vegetarians can still have like, turkey bacon
been getting a lot of flak for saying vegetarians can eat turkey bacon, turkey burgers, etc. but i won't apologize for telling the truth.
#ScientificSongs Scientific American Pie
i wear a mock turtleneck... like have you heard of a regular turtleneck sweater? it's kind of like a parody of that
check out this new pasta dish i invented, it's called stuffed shells. it's kind of like a parody or a spoof of lasagna
excuse me waiter. can I get a pint of the Little Johnson's Punk Ass Stout
look buddy dont give me that load of crap... i have 3 kids in 2 diapers and they eat a combined average of 7 meals a day
oi mate this is well toxic innit. the parched knob sod boys ave been tossing off in me menchies again.
[digital watch alarm starts going off in a meeting] sorry guys, thats just my alarm. i set it to remind myself that i have a cool watch.
"theres no shame in asking for help" uhh maybe im just better at noticing shame than you because it's definitely in the mix there.
So I crafted a toy for my son, heres how i did it:<br />1) go to the 3d printing lab at your work<br />2) download code for printing toy<br />3) turn on th
i like real hip hop... you know like young thug, lil wayne, drake, etc. not like that bullshit from the 90s.
this upcoming season, I've decided to follow the advice of my top six closest brand advisors and stop engaging in pretentious behavior
i just want to promote this page where you can pay me for joking around. i understand if you dont, but its an option http://t.co/qM0qjRBpA8
i see you guys are trying to cut that drywall. let me show you a little hack i know for that [i grab the saw and cut my hand off] ah fuck!
hold on before we watch this movie im gonna need to go get my glasses *i walk out and come back with two big glasses of beer*
things you should never say to guys with depression:<br /><br />1) im kicking your ass, sad boy<br />2) i heard you have depression... prepare to die fool
3) watch out bitch... im about to kick your ass for having depression
4) hey fucker... feeling sad? but not just occasionally, its a regular thing? you're sad most of the time? watch your back, son of a bitch
is there anyone who has like a million or so followers on here who wants to retweet a bunch of my tweets and then pay me like 20 bucks?
what websites pay you for writing a funny list of stuff? i'd love to do that but i don't know which places to email.
im a lot more stupid than people give me credit for
many people only remember Hitler for his evil deeds, but he was also known to be very fond of his dog, nicknamed "the beer hall pooch"
hahah, wow... lmao.... really? *i light up a cigarette and crack open a beer* for real dude? *i pour a glass of bourbon and light a pipe* th
I've done my research, and the best dracula movie is Casablanca. yes it counts, yes I have good reasons, fuck off, don't @ me, I'm smart.
nerd: what's the best Frankenstein movie?<br />me: easy. it's dracula<br />nerd: uh... that doesn't count<br />me: what about count dracula?<br />nerd: duhhh...
I live about five minutes from the highway, so I would say on average, my car goes from zero to sixty in about five minutes
people think school is important for intelligence but look at Einstein. flunked out of 3rd grade, never took a bath and he became president.
you tea party fucks are ruining the country! *i kick over my daughters fisher price table, scattering her barbie tea set*
you know what they say fool... revenge is a bitch best served well
you know what they say... you can't flip an omelette without breaking the fucker and making a big mess on the stove top
common jobs for introverts: poet, musician, actor, philosopher<br />common jobs for extroverts: burger flipper, septic tank sniffer, toilet bitch
army general: these policies have been in place since 1945<br />soldier: just to clarify sir, do you mean 7:45 or did you mean the year?
if your phone gets wet, try this simple trick: put it in some rice, stir, add vegetables and spices, when its almost done crack an egg in it
*reading hundreds of posts about white people* (to myself) theyre not talking about you Mike... youre one of the good ones... its ok big guy
i used to think i wanted to be dead, but i matured and learned theres a big difference between not liking being alive and wanting to be dead
me: water gets bigger  when it gets hot<br />chemist: actually its a very compli- (15 minutes later) but yes essentially it gets big when its hot
mother: honey did you take your pill for anxiety?<br />kid: (after watching movie where badass hero refuses to take pill) uh, yeah... definitely.
when you think you might have clinical depression but you're too cool to go to the doctors office http://t.co/Xor2UZW4kx
love to watch food porn on the food network, then i go to CNN for some news porn. later I might watch some movie porn, maybe even a sex porn
please consider paying me one dollar per month at https://t.co/bum77pdVUs
"whoosh, that's the joke going over your head" <br />OK... chugga chugga choo choo. that's the sound of a train from back when that joke was cool
ironic that all this stuff you're not allowed to ship would actually be the coolest package you could ever get http://t.co/WKZObhU6gj
the top 2 ingredients in chex mix are the chex themselves followed closely by the little bread slices. im tired of being castigated for this
snack company CEO: let's make a mix of all our most popular snacks *pretzel lobbyist hands him a twenty* and uh... some little hard pretzels
(universal pictures logo comes up on the screen) oh dude, these guys make some really good movies.
look I'm not gonna pretend I understand everything about politics, because I actually completely do. it's not really pretending when I do it
I'm not gonna act like I'm perfect and I don't make any mistakes, but the fact remains that I don't, whether I act like it or not
guy: you just know these things cost two cents to make<br />me: shit, this guy thinks im familiar with manufacturing costs, better play it cool
gonna lose a lot of followers on this one but I can't keep quiet anymore. <br /><br />top 3 worst pasta shapes:<br /><br />1. spaghetti <br />2. elbows<br />3. bowties
"no Mike, you have to wind the spaghetti around your fork, you're so stupid"<br />actually, you're stupid for making such a long unwieldy pasta
Yeah you're a real "troll", you really "trolled" me by making me calmly correct your foolish statements while laughing about the whole thing
"back in my day we would repair our shoes instead of buying a new pair every time" true but your shoes cost like 8 months of my pay
exaggerating a statistic as a joke is funny 100% of the time
shake well... no im gonna shake it poorly! what am i an idiot? come on
i understand millennials and i'll be your spokesperson for less than you pay your regular guy @McDonalds @Wendys @DunkinDonuts @Starbucks
I'm going to post a couple things I've made recently that are available for sale
This is a small bowl I made from maple with a piece of celtic knotwork carved from purpleheart, ~5" diameter, $65 http://t.co/S16t0f8p96
This is a small turned butternut trinket box, the carving on top is cocobolo. The price for this one is $95 http://t.co/co5lEbZepU
both items can be purchased at https://t.co/pksXvhr05s
the roundness really comes from the round bottle, it wouldn't happen in a square cup, the honey shouldn't take credit http://t.co/UKXkyAQAKo
in movies when people try to act enthusiastic about drinking something they spill it all on their chin. if its so good you shouldnt waste it
Police are now putting up the  opposite of wanted posters for me. "Mike F Is a Buster Ass Fool","If you find this guy you can keep him", etc
if you need someone to talk to Im here... specifically if you need someone to say "that's crazy" or "oh that sucks" about  all your problems
christians believe god designed the world as a punishment for mankind, atheists think its just a big coincidence that everything sucks shit
my life is like a reverse Air Bud situation in that i would excel at many of the events in a dog show but I'll never be allowed to compete
this guy on craigslist says he's selling a table with no legs, but if i just pick it up and run away, he'd never catch me... hes got no legs
look at me, I'm a white guy (I put on a bib and walk into the bathroom with a knife and fork and sprinkle salt and pepper in the toilet)
there are 7 flavor types according to food experts:<br />1. spicy<br />2. hot<br />3. cinnamon<br />4. vanilla<br />5. garlic<br />6. dessert<br />and the newest one:<br />7. umami
(watching a movie in the theater, i see 4 actors at once) squad goals. (leans to guy next to me) thats one of the goals i have for my squad
barfing is the body getting rid of toxins. when you laugh at me for barfing after one beer, youre laughing at a highly tuned poison detector
if you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything... if you don't take broad ideological stances everyone starts to seem reasonable
being mad about stolen tweets is like if you posted an ad on craigslist advertising free stuff and yelled at someone who took it and sold it
"got you by the balls"... classic reference to the type of situation where someone is holding your balls and you can't jump around too much.
me after accidentally dying in a really stupid way: hmm... maybe if I pull down my pants they'll think I was doing the auto-erotic version
the government doesn't support my financial interests due to corruption. the fact that Im broke and stupid and I don't vote is a coincidence
attention everyone: please don't forget to buy this small box from me https://t.co/FmfS190o1f
trying to get that last bit of ketchup out of the bottle? swirl a little water around in it and pour it out. a little watery but still good
Filmmaker D.W. Griffith is renowned for directing the seminal racist film The Birth of a Nation, as well as antagonizing his brother Arthur
oh. my. god. no way. he did not just say the cartoon word. in. fuckin. credible. http://t.co/yjy3VMmscU
level of education: permanently banned from attending school in 3rd grade for calling back to school season "asshole fool season"
"Good horror movie. Interesting exploration of violence in our s-" yeah but did you see where they cut the guy in half with the big scissors
listen up buck rogers im as stupid as two babies put together and twice as strong, so you better walk your sweet candy ass hole back outside
this disease has been tough, but luckily for me I'm a fighter. earlier I did a spinning punch move that knocked out four doctors in one shot
mcdonalds manager: sick of these teen employees going out to their cars and coming back with minty breath... just munchin altoids out there.
think about it... there must be higher love.
don't miss your chance to give me one dollar per month... you could regret it forever
Everything in this world, is a slice of life... And we all just want a piece of the pie... http://t.co/SPP9hux9Af
in this video I'll teach you to open a beer with a string. *I tie a string around a beer and whip it around in a circle, hitting the camera*
Hollywood producer: Mike we need you to make this script funnier. give me some funny ideas<br />me: it would be funny if you gave me 100 dollars
its really misleading when people say a cup of coffee is 6 oz, because thats not what a cup is, and ive never seen that little coffee before
closing your eyes for a minute is the cousin of sleep
something cool to say in the eulogy of a huge guy who died really old: Sometimes it seems, that the biggest candles, burn for the longest...
I'm so sorry for your loss... i guess its true what they say... the candle that gets put out sooner doesn't burn as long as the other ones.
here's my impression of the guy who cultivated the world's hottest pepper: "Ah ouch fuck! shit! I just hurt my mouth so fucking much, shit!"
the candle which burns twice as bright... has two wicks...
listen man... you can't burn the candle at both ends... there's a little metal thing on the bottom usually, it doesn't work upside down.
runners high and weed can both make you feel physically tired and lightheaded but its easy to tell why one costs money and the other is free
the thing about runner's high is, if I called my dealer and he said I had to run a mile to get drugs, I would be like "no thanks im all set"
maybe I wouldn't have to be so self-deprecating all the time if somebody else would step up to the plate and disparage my poor choices
patient: the minions franchise pisses me off.<br />psychiatrist: hmm... you have terminal hater disease. try taking all of your medicine at once
don't see that movie, it takes itself way too seriously. The movie cant take a joke. I can tell by its attitude it thinks its better than me
this article is ruining society: sure people like it, but at what cost? its not as smart as the thing i like, which they should like instead
When everyone makes fun of you peeling the label but the heineken logo stays on the bottle and they all want to see http://t.co/Ozy8U50uaz
why is everyone talking about this. once again my hand picked selection of accounts i follow are discussing their mutual interests. pathetic
kid theres no such thing as bad publicity. like you would think if a big article came out saying you suck shit it would be bad, but its good
calmly walk up the mcdonalds cashier, order two double cheeseburgers and then do a basic bridge shuffle on the counter, making a quad burger
this content is so problematic<br />its toxic im slipping under
i started using the famous program snapchat again. if anyone wants to send me them my name on there is animaldrums
Blinded by the light, backed up like caboose, another buttery delight
you dont have to be that smart to make a scientific discovery. for example John Celsius is known for noticing that sometimes things are hot
general: i order you to do 50 pushups<br />me: you couldnt order a pizza online if you had two coupons<br />general: ive been authorized to shoot you
if i was ever featured on iron chef, i would just take the special ingredient and make a sandwich. id be done 20 minutes early. easy peasy
iron chef host: The reigning champion has made tuna sushi, tuna souffle and tuna steak. Mike how did you use the tuna<br />me: tuna melt on white
iron chef judge: hmm... this ham sandwich Mike made is pretty good, but this weird glazed reduction gravy shit this other guy did is stupid.
iron chef host: Mike the ingredient is chips. how are you going to use them?<br />me: i think chips are pretty good as is, im just gonna open em.
iron chef judge: Mike, your sandwich was nothing special, but the egg shells you put in the other guys food really made it suck ass. you win
love when im in a room of olds and one of them is like "you probably never used a rotary phone" or something and they all laugh uproariously
hahaha you're so young... you probably never had to walk down to the general store with four wooden nickels to mail a letter
we used to do a little something called going outside, we would drive to town in our automobiles on the motorway. but thats before your time
kid, we've been tracking your performance on the self checkout... you're the best we've ever seen. we'd like you to become our head cashier
wild rice is usually just from dumpsters or trash cans. those are really the only places rice lives in the wild around here
probably the easiest game to hunt is wild rice
son i work for the army. i saw you put that tool song on the jukebox and drum along to it flawlessly. we could use someone with your skills.
he quickly became known as "the wolf of wall street" due to his penchant for making many shrewd investments, much like the wily wolf
The investments and financial planning done by Leo Dicaprio in The Wolf of Wall Street closesly mirror those of regular wolves in the jungle
hey i guess thats why they call it a THEORY. cause its fake. from the latin THEO meaning pretend and RY meaning idea.
aesop: man what you did was not cool. like imagine if a fox did what you did to me, and i was a goose. that makes it much clearer right?
*reads one single news article from one website* sad that this is what society thinks now. I guess this is the official opinion of society.
it's yogurt for dudes... fuckin try it asshole... it's men's yogurt. there's pieces of beef in it, queermo. what are you a pussy? fuck off
twitter is just practice for if i ever meet an insult comic from the 1960s and i have to duke it out with him. other than that its useless
everybody hates a pedant because they make it explicitly clear that no one actually agrees with each other in any sort of specific sense
hey im gonna light some candles... no homo. one smells like a hunk of metal and the other one smells like sweaty dirt http://t.co/0OnbFx2s7y
http://t.co/XXAmvv1fpY
only three days left in this free trial of shudder, and i have 19 movies i still want to watch... i dont think i can do it
guy: this movie was really stupid and bad<br />director: uh yeah. duh... its experimental. i was just trying it. i know its bad. i meant to do it
I wired up a switch and a knob and a motor up to this speed controller, tomorrow Im gonna put them on my lathe http://t.co/cUhQqtW1qo
"you have to get the fox, the goose, and the corn across the river, but you can only take one a-"<br />I take the fox. done. next riddle please.
I got me a chrysler, it seats about 20<br />i lock it up, when it gets hot and sunny
professional tip for cleaning wood: youre not cleaning wood, youre cleaning the finish on the wood, just use windex for a streak free shine
hot chevy, check it and see<br />my kid has died from the extremely high heat
to everyone whos been saying im "so cool" or i "have really reasonable opinions that are funny as well as smart", you're not entirely wrong,
Zeitgeist is a German word meaning "cool ghost". The closest English translation is "Zoot Ghost", essentially a ghost wearing a zoot suit
dont forget to send snapchat messages to me, animaldrums , showing me cool stuff that i would like to see
things i would not like to see:<br />- dicks<br />- pieces of poop<br />- gross toilets<br />- basically any body fluids<br />- everything else is fair game
"that came out faster than i expected!" oh, you thought a wicked fast pouring technique would make it come out slow? smart thinking, dumbass
in any transaction, ask if they can reverse the charges. sometimes they cant but if they do, then you get paid. boom. cash on the barrelhead
(year 2035)<br />me: computer, close the window its getting chilly in here<br />computer: window is in use. deploying food drone to get chili in here.
Ben Franklin: liberty or security<br />me: security<br />Franklin: bad choice, you get neither. if you pick liberty you get both. trick question bitch
recipe I made: get a breaded chicken cutlet, put a little tomato sauce and parmesan on top. I call it "Mike's Chicken Treat with Red Sauce"
gimme few, gimme five, gimme fabrics i design
hmm my package said it would be here today and it didnt arrive... better get on the phone to customer service, then it will have arrived
Lincoln was known for his signature look; stovepipe hat, chinstrap beard, fingerless driving gloves, Jordans, shirt with Ferrari logo on it
just thought of a fun activity for everyone. we can all retweet our ten favorite tweets by me, Mike F. I cant rt my own stuff so I cant play
http://t.co/caSeOu44rN
thanks to everyone who sent me cool snapchat messages, especially the guy who was walking on the carpet from the shining... that was badass
http://t.co/TstMUWQjwO
person on the phone: that's 'S' as in 'Sam'? <br />me: yes that's correct. F as in Fam
this is why you shouldn't care what big famous celebrities think about issues http://t.co/ZCRZwo30uz
half empty, half full, its how you look at it... a half eaten apple, or an apple that hasnt been completely eaten yet. either way, not great
fuckin cut the shit lady, its extremely important. no ones asking what the message is they're asking what got thrown http://t.co/f2tiPLWKiX
cool guy smoking jazz cigarette in the 20s: dude... Jelly Roll Morton is so fucking sick.
cool 1920s guy: *takes a drag off a jazz cigarette* duuuuude did you hear the new Fats Waller? it fuckin slaps hard
guys act like taco bell selling beer is a big deal, but theres already a wicked easy way to get fucked up and eat taco bell: the normal way
"you cant do that, youre only 6"<br />its not fair mom!<br />"you shouldnt do that anymore, youre 26"<br />its so asinine that you would say this to me mom
i think if you have more than say, two outdoorsman type accessories on your person, you shouldn't be allowed indoors. sorry but it's true.
sir, i can tell by your carabiners, your knife and your hiking boots that you're an outdoorsman. well the out side of the door is over there
"im kind of an outdoorsy kind of guy. i love just being out in nature"<br />well my friend you messed up. we're at least 3 doors deep right now.
Alan Jackson, Jimmy Buffett - It's Five O' Clock Somewhere https://t.co/bu4UR9WQOk via @YouTube
every item i buy says "military grade" on the package. these tweezers? the exact same ones they use in iraq to pick up like, a small bullet
i wouldnt say that i eat bugs on purpose, but i definitely know some bugs that i could have avoided eating if i put in a little more effort
im totally real, im not fake like these other fools. its just sometimes, in the course of realness, you have to lie to throw the haters off
i could match whips with anyone out there, and simply win with an easy knowledgeful confidence... but for now im just biting my time...
one of my best instincts that leads to me having a lot of friends, is if everyone agrees on something, i immediately stop agreeing with it
if i did the show mythbusters, i would get way more myths done per episode. theyd just rattle off myths and id be like "nope, didnt happen"
this gate is easily one of the biggest scandals since nixon did that thing with all the water in the 70s. it was so crazy, all that water...
In this zombie flick a film crew is fooled into thinking zombie movies are still cool, and they must reckon with the fact that theyre in one
instead of asking how someone would feel if you made fun of them, just do it and find out. they already made fun of you its open season
making jokes about trump is like a game of darts where the whole wall is the bullseye, it's not even low hanging fruit, it's canned fruit
I hang out with a bunch of fat liberal journalists with glasses who make fun of conservative journalists for being fat and having glasses
I bought this really old screwdriver today and it's very cool in my opinion http://t.co/V3sa8LzDWd
socially inept, fiscally not in a great state of affairs either
Black Mass? They should have called it either:<br />a. Black Ass<br />b. Ass Mass<br />or c. Ass Ass
undercover cop: hey what's up fellow perps. you guys want to commit some criminal infractions later while I'm around?
benedict cumberbatch in black mass: hey im from south boston kid. fahckin fish and crisps kid. fancy a spot of tea, you feckin prick?
what's everyone's favorite beer, whether they be beers, brewskies or just plain cold ones, what's your fav? dont @ me or i'll block your ass
hey, long time caller, first time listener. worried I might have to stop calling in, you guys say a bunch of dumb crap on here it turns out
i love to run rinky dink operations, as well as host dog and pony shows. also a big fan of two-bit catchpenny swindles and the bush league
this fool is askin for a blockin http://t.co/sjn7PBpNYF
sadly enough, this is actually the business card of the average millennial http://t.co/NNbrlE2Bz7
ever since i started feeling so good about myself ive been thinking: if you ever made fun of me even complicitly i'll kick your ass, fucker
anyone here want to give me 250 dollars? thanks in advance
cashier: would you like anything to drink with that?<br />me: yeah i'd like about 250 bucks. or 300
cashier: did you find everything ok?<br />me: no actually, i was hoping to find 250 dollars for free, but i didn't. please give me $200-300
store associate: sir can i help you find anything today?<br />me: yeah, can you see if you can help me find three hundred dollars... three hundos
whats the peak time to post something if i want everyone to see it. like if i was advertising something
hahaha why did killer mike retweet my stupid shill tweet... http://t.co/dZdhEr3N0U
it's pretty stupid that baseball is the national pastime, yet almost no one is a baseball player. the national pastime should be chilling.
90s kids were the last to grow up without internet. they gained a lot of perspective shitting their diapers for 6 months before going online
girl: when you said netflix and chill i thought we could maybe hang out and talk a little<br />me: shhhhh, wolfman is about to suck off the mummy
remember, your haters are wrong and stupid, but it's even more important to remember theyre right and the other thing is a defense mechanism
so stupid that you have to go to the doctor every time you get sick for new pills. give me like a thousand of em, i'll be good for 40 years
instead of bringing kids to the doctor every single time they get sick, just give em one big pill when they turn 5. boom. healthy for life.
Oh so just because I lost, and have never won anything, and in fact I've never once gotten better than last place, that makes ME a loser?
its one of those things where you either like it or you dont. its very divisive. one of those rare things where some people dont agree on it
shut up dude, tomatoes are a vegetable, and since you want to be Mr Hot Shit Know It All, guess what. apples are a vegetable now too.
just to clear up any confusion:<br />vegetable = vegetation that's eatable<br />fruit = a plant's nut sack basically
tfw you cum in a bucket http://t.co/ohm5EnjuZw
someday soon I'm gonna actually destroy my back by lifting something incorrectly and I'll wryly look back on all the times I joked about it
i decided im not going to block anyone anymore, im going to train my body to never become mad... each hater online is just practice for me.
merle haggard brags about how they dont smoke pot in his town, they just drink white lightning, but thats completely illegal and hardcore
I do the knocking around here. Im gonna make two planes crash in the air cause I'm an evil teacher -breaking bad,  smartest show of all time
(to the tune of greensleeves) green sleeves are extremely good to me / I love green sleeves and I think they're sick
"im self employed i dont have a boss" no you have infinite bosses. anyone who wants your services is your boss. you have the most bosses
ok yeah i'll uh... tell keith richards about the nature of self employment? http://t.co/Jp4m7XNzN0
if youre in some kind of a cool group dm with the in crowd, this is just a friendly reminder to add me to it... let me see the good stuff.
a pyramid scheme is where you sell something to 3 guys who each sell it to 3 more guys, and eventually you all collaborate to bury a pharoah
whats the top 3 coen brothers movies
a man said to me today "rubber baby buggy bumpers". I'm not familiar with the phrase but I think it may be ableist. feeling very attacked rn
*i go to someone's house and see their car parked in the garage* oh gross... you seriously let that thing live in the house with you?
attention: please follow the "million follower boys" @dwayne759384752 , @DinkMagic , @neonwario and myself. we need a million followers each
nbd = no big deal<br />hbd = hugely big deal
sorry to get controversial here, but I think the best kind of pickle is probably the classic pickled cucumber.
eat lots of heavy greasy foods. the extra weight will help dampen vibrations and the grease will reduce friction when running at high speeds
many people don't know why Rick Moranis never made a movie after Honey We Shrunk Ourselves. It's because hes tiny. They couldnt unshrink him
"Did you hear about the surfer who got bit by a shark? Hes acting in a movie now... but its only a BIT part!" original joke copyright Mike F
i was cleaning an old band saw today and i managed to wang it really hard with my head two times. most people do it zero times. no big deal
please tell everyone you know to follow @DinkMagic @neonwario @dwayne759384752 and @animaldrumss so they each can get 1mil followers #ff
if you see black mass, count how many times they use the new york pronunciation of "fwuckin" instead of the boston pronunciation, "fahckin"
attention e publishers, please give me 20 dollars to interview me for your website, I can answer pretty much any question
I do hereby ever so declare that the government officially shan't and shall not have permission to read upon or post within my facebook page
fool at the supermarket: so this cereal costs 3.99 for the whole box?<br />me: no you idiot. 80% of it costs 3.99, the other 20% is free.
it's one for the price of two... but hey what the hell... we'll throw in an extra one for free
they give you 20% more for free, but the trick is the free part is at the bottom. that way you cant skim off the top to get free groceries
*i try to cut open a champagne bottle with a sword but i cut my thumb off accidentally and it gets jammed in the bottle, re-sealing it*
guy in front of me in line at mcdonalds: i'll take a double cheeseburger and fries please<br />me: https://t.co/o39imoaB49
evolution is "just a theory". well gravity is just a theory too. what I'm saying is gravity is bullshit made up by the stupid nerd Newton.
Isaac Newton, famed dumbass, is famous for being one of the stupidest nerds of all time
the car has you pinned in such a way that if we were to move your body, it could damage the vehicle. the insurance guy says leave you there.
a lot of observations people make are just pointing out some situation and pretending it's unique when it wicked extremely is not at all
programmer: something ive noticed working with computers is programming is the only job where your boss asks you to do stuff you don't like
tequila gets you drunk in a different way than other liquors... it's like, watch out for tequila hahaha... look out it's bottled at 80 proof
wow so i guess its true what they say. i'm the smartest, most clever guy in the world. http://t.co/Bjy8pwQFuQ
(to myself while complimenting someones really bad art) oh man i hope this compliment doesnt motivate this guy to keep making this stuff...
[reading twitter] what are these idiots talking about<br />[looking in my shopping cart] whats this shit<br />[looking in closet] nice clothes jackass
Oh you want to fight? I'm about to crap open a can of whipe ass on you bitch.
let me show you a song by one of my favorite rappers. this rapper is "notorious" for making skillful rhymes *puts on album by iggy azalea*
money... it's bad<br />getting money from pink floyd <br />it makes me really mad<br /><br />money, its a trip<br />I have one million dollars<br />but I think it's shit
its sad that people are so obsessed with the media, instead of getting @dwayne759384752 , @DinkMagic , @neonwario and myself 1 mil followers
watch out dude he might... you're in a horror movie http://t.co/9UPKIWO4sH
can't believe the Queen of England beheaded George Clooney while trying to Knight him. cut his head clean off with the dubbing sword.
look at this fool wearing jeans. hey nice dungarees champ, what are you on your way to the gold rush? gonna pan the colorado river? fuck off
if you're arguing with someone on here and you put the dot in front of the @ you already lost. you shouldnt have to call for backup to argue
cilantro tastes like soap to some. These are the fortunate few; they can save money by putting soap in their food instead of costly herbs
mother: im going to wash out your mouth with soap you rude boy<br />child: fool... this tastes like cilantro to me... can i have a taco as well
I need 1 million people to follow these 4 accounts by 2016 @neonwario @dwayne759384752 @DinkMagic and me #MillionMen #1Mil2016  please share
http://t.co/gORZbJ1wQI
i like how some movies look, but I'm too stupid to know whether to thank the director, the cinematographer or the director of photography
Oh Manet? Love that guy. Dude's got a fuckin SICK ouvre. his ouvre is dope. and dont get me started on his Magnum Opus... the thing rules.
man my spelling and grammar acumen has severely diminished ever since I started trying to not be a huge annoying asshole
scientist: guys we eat a serious shit load of corn, as a group.<br />people: you're right. we need to get back to pure cane sugar<br />scientist: wait
researchers 10 years ago: we subsidize corn to a surprising degree<br />public: ah I see what you're getting at. we need to go back to real sugar
this dude has an old ass great grandfather http://t.co/P7HOkVC3pK
wow... stunningly prophetic http://t.co/kCEcrt036L
ok to all the haters who think im mad about the show Caillou: I stubbed my toe just as it came on and i was yelling at my pain, not the show
"did you get a hair cut"  - good phrase to use if someone has gotten a haircut and you want to point it out without complimenting them
Hey secret service... give it up... the secret's out... everyone knows you guard the president
everyone is so quick to judge when i forget my baby in a car. like theyve never made a mistake. you never forgot your clothes in the dryer?
oh you never made a mistake, youre soo much better than the rest of us. funny how you forget all the times i didnt leave my son in a hot car
oh Mr Perfect i-never-make-mistakes-and-i-think-im-a-judge is going to pass judgement on me for being human and accidentally killing ONE kid
the world was forever changed in 1963 when Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and the third guy (Gary Sinise?) went to Jupiter to get more stupider
ok so some actor got super muscular for a role... big deal... tell me when a guy gets one huge arm and one shrimpy one. that movie id see
boys go to jupiter to get more stupider<br />girls go to the kuiper belt to harvest space viper pelts
Hey, i got something ive been work shopping, check this out:<br /><br />Dane "the Cook" Johnson
i tried to post pictures of a band saw but i fucked it up, im so stupid. i posted the wrong one. apologies to my fans, im gonna try it again
this is an old band saw which I cleaned and reassembled, it's extremely bad ass and heavy duty, plus it's greasy now http://t.co/RHRmb9EkQt
wow... im glad this situation has been resolved. apologies to anyone whom ive hurt via my extreme faux pas
back in my day, the only "links" we would "click on" were hot dog sausage links at the cook out. and the clicker was the remote control.
dont let the door hit your ass on the way out... and try not to let my cat get out... and make sure you pull it closed all the way... bitch
my friend, i have some advice for you: as youre leaving, dont pull the door shut until youve fully passed through it... lest it hit your ass
yeah come over any time... and dont let the door hit you in the ass on the way in
I behaved weirdly for a full week to see how people would react... and what i found out was extremely fucked up... they thought i was weird
Just come in, im in the lobby. and dont let the door hit me in the ass when you swing it open, im facing away from it and my ass is in range
i've done some soul searching, i've tried to be honest and critical with myself, and ive found that everyone else is wrong for NOT being mad
Sigmud Freud is famous for discovering that some austrian psychiatrists like to pretend the foods theyre eating are dicks or pieces of dicks
at my high school, it felt more to me like a jail cell... a penitentiary. my time spent there, it only made me see...
Finally, SNL takes on the easiest target ever, Donald Trump, using a combo of the least funny jokes everyone else has been doing for years
when i read harry potter in school i identified with harry, but now reading it as an adult, i fear i may be the girl who cries in the toilet
#WhatYouDontTellCustomers get out of the store, creep... fuck off. don't try to buy anything here asshole, cause my ass isn't selling, dick.
#WhatYouDontTellCustomers hey customer... fuck you dude. you stink ass fucker. god i can smell your ass from 2 aisles away you pile of shit.
#WhatYouDontTellCustomers put away your wallet stupid ass and fuck off. i dont go to where you work and stop you from sucking on dirty coins
Hello there, the angel from my nightmare<br />the kid locked in the back of my Tercel<br /><br />the unsuspecting victim<br />of hot car at the walmart
where are you, and im so sorry<br />i shopped so long you cooked inside my car
"thats hilarious that happened like 15 minutes from my work" thats not why its funny. everyone is 15 minutes away from like a million things
"yeah that factory explosion was crazy, i heard the blast from my house" ok whatever. i heard my bookcase fall over and i bet it was louder
good night tiffany, i hope your stupid ass feels better in the morning
shit i messed up! now i have to start all over again! - me, about something i didnt have to do in the first place and which i claim to enjoy
oh no my computer lost the video game data and i have to play it all again... once more i must do this stupid chore which cost me 75 dollars
gamer: i hate it when i play for hours and i forget to save and i have to do it again<br />me: yeah... playing a video game for hours would suck
my followers love to watch me stuggle with simple ideas, and gradually come to a childlike understanding of them... its cathartic for them
Q: who would win in a fight between a bicycle and a motorcycle<br />A: the motorcycle would easily win... it's much more powerful than a bicycle.
me: mom, dad, I made you a gift!<br />mom: uh... thanks Mike... this thing is uh... cool<br />dad: yeah it uh... doesn't suck http://t.co/0q8lpZJsL1
im just kickin back here, just finding all this very funny, and just laughing about the whole situation... and its starting to piss me off.
welcome to my humble abode... my name is Bumbo LeHode
Just a friendly reminder to my followers to go to my profile, read through all the old tweets you may have missed, and donate to my patreon
hey low self esteem guys... just admit you think youre smarter than everyone... come on we all do, its fine... be smart you big smarty pants
in real life: screw off grandma you hag. take your own trash out.<br />online: some people in life will try to take advantage of you. avoid them,
me: in a sense, gravity doesn't pull us... we push the earth<br />Neil degrasse Tyson: holy shit thats correct<br />bill nye: Mike youve blown my mind
the thing about dressing up as a witch being disrespectful to "witches" who died is funny. they died cause of dummies who believe in witches
me: before you dress up as a witch, think about the real witches who died in Salem for your costume<br />goody proctor: im not a witch actually
i realize i should sell my writing if i want to be paid for it, but since im too dumb to do that, please donate at https://t.co/bum77pdVUs
fruits? nuts? dill weed? chopped liver? ham? folks is this a shopping list... or the guest list at my family reunion!
youre going to home depot? *smirks smugly, leans back in my chair a little bit, hands behind head* *really smug tone* i call it home cheapo
its very important that i vote, so that whichever politically conscious friend yells at me the most can have two votes
im large at no charge, muchacho
This is very important, please, if you have a minute, share it with your friends https://t.co/ZzL9fQFJCz
im a take charge kinda guy. ill pick a random course of action and accept no responsibility if im wrong because "someone had to take charge"
Acolytes (2008) http://t.co/Q0D5V8fjC4
The Golem: How He Came Into the World (1920) http://t.co/2nqb4nHABg
Amer (2009) http://t.co/0T149PjBcc
celebrity online: do your best in every moment... work and you will achieve<br />celeb offline: park the car around back rodrigo... we're friends
people think football is all fun and games, but statistics show pro football players get over 1000% more yards per down than the average man
"i dont like country music, theyre always whining about stuff" oh i thought you would love it... since you're whining a shitload right now
something ive noticed is that shit is very rarely my job
how to approach women http://t.co/Sn6PZxMnRj
The Whip and The Body (1963) http://t.co/u29twDQSGW
i love mario bava, his movies look so good to me http://t.co/l7njHXFHX4
recipe: buy like 6 of our products, eat em in a big pile. quantity and preparation of ingredients is fully up to you http://t.co/YBvyDNp539
solid takedown of game theory imo.... this is very important
the family that prays together stays together, but the family that makes funny youtubes together will die by each other's hand
if you ask me to carry stuff, please dont make fun of me when i try to show off by carrying a shit load of it at once
*lifts up a big stack of boxes at work*<br />boss: ooh, big strong man. dont hurt yourself<br />me: actually i am bitch, and i will
utterly depressing that people in this day and age still strength shame me for lifting 100lbs of boxes using only my back and finger muscles
maybe im stupid, or an asshole, but if someone has to ask me to lift something, you better believe im gonna try and do it one handed
according to republicans "me bad republican, me like jesus and america. me likey gun, me no read book". i can easily refute these arguments.
im gonna be the kind of political writer who quotes the text from a bumper sticker from the Piss Liberals Off web store and argues with it
Planet of the Vampires (1965) http://t.co/NipO2bUmrb
http://t.co/E3yRmumA7p
Blood and Roses (1960) http://t.co/ALlVMXQS9D
movie: "to be, or not to be..."<br />movie critic: incredibly literate film. smartly written... this one's not for the kids. real cerebral flick
this movie had a crazy amount of nice shots in it http://t.co/FYnHfRMbfG
son for the last time, im sorry i messed up and made you watch baby geniuses repeatedly during your formative years instead of baby einstein
"honey did you get those baby einstein videos? i want our son to grow up smart" nah babe we're covered. i already have baby geniuses on dvd
if you want to be the president, go to the white house and start sweeping floors. they start paying you. one thing leads to another and boom
he died the way he lived... suffering from an intense bout of autoerotic male-pattern type 2 diabetes
i know some people who are really well versed in how the government works, and its insanely dumb that my vote should count as much as theirs
funny to see Republicans mad at the debate. stands in sharp contrast to when dems were just laughing and being calm at the Republican debate
moderator: does baby want his bottle?<br />Democrat: absolutely not. as an adult I no longer use a baby bottle<br />Republican: I would like my bottle
oh no thank you ma'am i'm all set... i filled up earlier on piss and vinegar... my two favorite beverages
im really insightful. basically any time someone gets positive attention i can immediately figure out why they suck and i deserve it instead
its groundbreakingly honest of millennials to present themselves as having extemely lovable flaws like in the beginning of a romantic comedy
The Pack - Vans (Audio) https://t.co/7h36Cdi4qN via @YouTube
the speed of light... great speed. pretty fast. one of the fastest from what ive heard.
when a friend opens up to you it's like "Oh, not trying to impress me anymore? feeling superior? OK fucker. get ready for my bad attitude"
i dont work for my boss all day, i do my own thing, surf the net at my desk. they give me this wheel to run on, so i can get some exercise
Night of the Comet (1984) http://t.co/9ZK8nOmDs1
every single day... my mentions are so good http://t.co/69gs90N4q2
looks like a bunch of you guys forgot to donate to me... no big deal... there's always next month
for only 1 dollar a month, I will continue doing what I'm already doing, except I'll have a dollar while I do it https://t.co/bum77pvwM0
this is extremely, wickedly, insanely important https://t.co/bum77pvwM0<br />#GiveYourMoneyToMikeF
here is a bowl I made from black walnut along with the piece of wood from which it was made http://t.co/ASzNCq5nHd
favorite monsters<br />1. Frankenstein - with his fearsome looks, its easy to see why hes named frankenstein!<br />2. Banchy - watch out for her wail!
your first mistake was the car crash... the second mistake was leaving your undies at the scene http://t.co/MXRJmIL7N8
looney toons fans: ah, good... once again elmer has failed to put food on the table... he won't survive the winter. this is truly hilarious
thanks for the hot tip, captain obvious... like I'm gonna rouse the ire of the angels by shredding their medallion. http://t.co/dIId3ReqiE
duh you think so? thanks captain no shit sherlock... a doi... thanks for the new info Mr that's obviously the case... thanks
'what are you reading there Mike, anything good?'<br />couldnt tell you. i grabbed the biggest book on my shelf so everyone could see me reading
the Paul Wall line where he says if he opens his mouth you gonna see about 20 carats is pretty funny. imagine him eating 20 carrots at once
im sick of seeing all these bad posts and opinions online... and oh yeah, one more thing bitch: its somehow not my fault that im seeing them
great colloquial phrases<br />- i'll jump off that bridge when i get to it<br />- any day of the week, twice on sunday<br />- if i had a gun id hang myself
- these things become cliches for a reason<br />- let's call a spade a fuckin shovel<br />- sing over by the window, i'll help you out
I already uh... know about those thanks.... that's pretty uh... basic stuff... http://t.co/P7OcMdPo9s
this is a box I'm working on made of granadillo and eastern white pine http://t.co/LRFVzfHqUC
Suttree is my favorite cormac mccarthy book. i will most likely delete this tweet once i start getting mad at the responses to it
If you want a small, easily shipped wooden item, i will custom make it for you. bowls, boxes, etc. i charge by the hour and my DMs are open
hot tip: the reason stuff is difficult to afford isnt that the guy making it is charging too much, its that your boss isnt paying you enough
people always act really shocked when a rich guy is hesitant about spending a small amount of money but like, how do you think they got rich
as soon as you called my mix cd stupid, i immediately in my mind began to come up with the ultimate non-stupid playlist to prove you wrong.
Oh shit, ultimate super slam from Trudy... http://t.co/uEfxOy4sNr
please tell me what are the top two horror movies of all time
Jigoku (1960) http://t.co/pXkL7L7H90
im very open minded about movies, provided that it was my idea to watch it
Five Dolls for an August Moon (1970) http://t.co/whcniRauQD
that show Rick and Morty that everyone is saying is super good... yeesh... yikes.... that's all i have to say about it
I remember back in the day my car could "turn on a dime", but now all these kids want to get "turnt" (high) on a "dime" ($10 worth of weed")
im going to see every good horror movie, and several of the bad ones while im at it
I unequivocally recommend the movies The Night of the Hunter, Black Sunday, The Haunting and The Bride of Frankenstein... they're fantastic
Im going to watch Black Sunday for the 4th time tonight to take screen caps from it... and im pumped
skeptics in a sci fi/fantasy stories always strike me as really stupid... its like... the dragon is right there, why dont you believe in it
when someone in a ghost movie says "ghosts arent real", thats supposed to be relatable, but if i just saw what they did, i wouldnt say that
oscar winning actor: the character was a regular guy, so i acted like a normal dude... i did everything very slowly. sometimes i would yell
Black Sunday (1960) https://t.co/BDMldTCl9O
https://t.co/ZNgTmta7gX
"life is too short to hold grudges" actually its just short enough that it's manageable. if it was long it would be too hard to keep track
ugly ass bush... fuck off https://t.co/8kZOCUdQ7F
as a Millennial with a quaint and impractical career, I have to try and sell these knickknacks for exorbitant sums https://t.co/gmUOOE8Zz0
"people's politeness is all fake anyway... everyone's an asshole" well I mean... its fake when they do it to you... because youre an asshole
holy shit that tv show writer guy everyone likes is getting really hoity toity and mad
we once died from preventable diseases, instead of unpreventably from weird slimes produced by unscrupulous dynastic chemical distributors
once people died from the flu, now we die from advanced diseases which, at the behest of the dupont dynasty, cant legally be called diseases
Daughters of Darkness (1971) https://t.co/kRzbKcBKU3
https://t.co/Mg9G3sSqJY
film and tv writers in the last 20 or so years: yeah thats kinda lazy writing... lets have the characters notice it. then its smart writing.
its funny in german movies when they translate "burgermeister" to "burgermaster", instead of actually translating it
The Grapes of Death (1978) https://t.co/FpM8ae49Gm
love guys who reply to warn you that a nerd is going to correct you. like "youre wrong. im no nerd so im not mad obviously but watch out"
Yeah I'm crying... crying because of how sad your life obviously must be that you have to spend your time saying mean cutting remarks to me.
we all know how to deal with bullies and jerks... respond to them really angrily with the dot in front of the @ and say they're just jealous
Hey if you're a fan of jokes or just comedy in general there's a great TV channel you ought to check out, it's called "the comedy central"
50s guys mostly just liked songs that werw named stuff like tutti fruity, woolly bully, hokey pokey. they would laugh and clap at the rhymes
the best horror movie cinematographer by far is mario bava, dario argento is the runner up but it's not even that close
guy: my cars been making a weird noise lately<br />me: (hoping no car guys are in earshot) probably the solenoids getting caught on the manifold
yeah thats a common issue with uh... chassis of this type... the spark plugs start to run rich and they can uh... slip the serpentine belt.
Kill, Baby, Kill (1960) https://t.co/Tmh257HD5r
Bava is the best https://t.co/7XbCG2zBqa
sorry its 1966, not 1960 https://t.co/RcBeoQzMB8
hotline bling is like the cubic zirconia shit on qvc right
#BackToTheFutureASong more like Sack to the Future a Bong
watching jekyll and hyde, gonna be livetweeting it. https://t.co/4cPxYdxG1m
this guy dr. jekyll... he seems pretty cool so far. nice guy.
damn... this Mr Hyde character is pretty rude... not being very considerate. but it provides an interesting contrast to the main guy, Jekyll
now that ive been introduced to the two main guys, i have to say im rooting for Jekyll. some would pick Hyde but I dont know about him...
its coming to light that Jekyll and Hyde are the same guy. laying it on a little thick here... its like, we get it. we all saw Fight Club
i think at the movie theater, if you cry during the movie they should comp your ticket to cover the cost of the emotional labor
age 12: the guy on the tv is badass... I'm gonna be that guy<br />now: what the guy said on the tv is badass, and why more people need to listen
age 12: when I grow up I want to drive a car into a building like terminator<br />now: when Arnold gives the girl a Christmas gift I began crying
when you see someone and you think theyre waving at you, but theyre going for a high 5 with someone behind you and they do it over your head
"find a few reviewers who you like and you can trust their opinion" as in find some dudes i never met and let them decide what movies i see?
the only reason i can think of to read a movie review is if you want to talk shit about a movie you never saw
me if i was an art teacher: hey come on guys pick up the pace here.... a little more artsy, a little less fartsy! come on!
i fucking hate fake people and drama... oh yeah and its ok for me to say that... since most of my friends are fake people who cause drama.
I'm the guy from the beatles<br />but I'm not the only one <br />I write cool songs about not working<br />and my life is now extremely fun
imagine im john lennon<br />and im a cool ass guy<br />and all my songs are good shit<br />its easy if you try
when someone is counting on me https://t.co/7JuxCLkhcR
Hardware (1990) https://t.co/XO1CoAwmuV
sometimes the best kept secrets... are the ones we never tell
two small bowls, one slightly larger than the other. mahogany and walnut https://t.co/lpEkt8n3mq
my friends... I've been presented with an opportunity to help you... you're welcome  https://t.co/NBSbVpv088
guy: hey does anyone have a pair of scissors? I need to cut this thing<br />guy who carries a knife everywhere: no, but I can mangle it for you
which is better?
https://t.co/EKBQrX5cQM
please remain seated and do not try to exit the ride at any point, or we will give you something to try to exit the ride about
my mind is as sharp as attack...
it can become wonderful to begin to start to want to realize you can enable yourself to become ready to begin to start beginning your life.
cant think of any jokes at the moment, i'll just make fun of the concept of other people making jokes... thats definitely a tenable position
[funny joke about thing people know about] hah. yeah thats right fools... im parodying the idea of jokes. i beat you jokers at your own game
lol
this is so important https://t.co/jye7pXKISg
who do you think makes better tomato sauce? me (a dumb ass), or a guy who owns a professional tomato sauce making company? correct its me.
lady you're like 60 how have you not heard of venus fly traps https://t.co/33bFmYL1uy
a wolf in sheep's clothing is just a wolf. sheep aren't actually wearing that stuff. its not clothes, they just look like that naturally
i guess sheep's clothing could be a sweater in a sense. the wolf could have a sweater on.
what are the best werewolf movies to watch. bear in mind i have not seen the classics, no recommendation is too obvious
people always say that very old horror movies are still scary, but if youre scared of a movie made before 1970 youre the biggest bitch alive
when dracula swoops his cape... oh my god... chills up my spine. and when frankenstein drags his foot around? and his square head? so scary
good job guys... now im even more not gonna watch your movie https://t.co/S6Jhew63lW
as a guy who loves jokes and values fun really highly, its offensive to me when someone says that I hate fun when I don't laugh at bad jokes
"what, not even a smile? no laughs?" <br />no, i mean, it wasnt that bad but if i laugh at the shitty ones you'll never make any good ones
theres a gun to your head and theyre gonna shoot you either way... which one do you choose
im not really into fishing, i tried it once. the lures look pretty cool but if you put them in your mouth theres a sharp hook that hurts you
it never seizes to amaze me the kangaroo court of a buntch of stupid asses of which I must deal with every waking day of my life..
found footage movies offer an unprecedented opportunity to see what a movie would be like if the guy making it wasnt trying to make it good
the gameplay of this game is top notch... but the other parts? where its not a game? despicable. dont get me started... it disgusts me...
i love it when a game has good gameplay.... similarly i prefer movies that have good moviewatch, and i like foods that have good eatfood
Danger: Diabolik (1968) https://t.co/9ULYVxojL9
people who call me at work: ah crap. something's gone wrong with my professional affairs. i better get on the phone with a complete dumb ass
customers are so stupid, they try to get free stuff, my dumb manager gives in to them, and they just keep coming back. im the smart one here
my boss's childish attitude of "the customer is always right" causes our store to be overrun by customers daily, but hes too blind to see it
guy online: friend wont drive me 650 miles to interview for my dream job, says hes "busy"<br />comments: first off, ditch this so called "friend"
some quick parodies of popular stores<br /><br />1. McDon't-alds<br />2. Wail Mart<br />3. Ourbucks<br />4. Dome Heapo <br />5. Taco Smell<br />6. Bad Burger King<br />7. Won't-dys
cop: sir are you aware marijuana is a scheduled substance?<br />me: yeah. i have some scheduled for 4:20 as a matter of fact. check the calendar
a social revolution occurred in the early 2010s, when millennials went to college and learned that it's mean and rude to make fun of others
comedian being interviewed: in many ways comedians can be the darkest people of all... but we shape that darkness with a genius comedic mind
the toilet was invented in the early 19th century by a man named Louis "Pisser" Crapper. That's why in the UK, they call it a Lou
throwback piece: this was the first carving i ever did. i think the wood is spanish cedar but it could be mahogany https://t.co/V8qgGkoB9G
these are three boxes i made out of one piece of walnut. i cut it into thirds, and hollowed each of them out https://t.co/ii2BQYhTvg
this is a walnut bowl that i made https://t.co/ig603z91Po
Id like to share with you all the link to a Knotwork Trinket Box that I have for sale https://t.co/snLFznxr9g via @Etsy
Heres a great item available on Etsy - Walnut Trinket Box by Mike F https://t.co/CayG8TX1RJ via @Etsy
Here's a website where you can buy this great Carved Box which I made by hand https://t.co/exhY9Ms3co via @Etsy
Great link I just found - Handmade Black Walnut Bowl by Mike F via @Etsy https://t.co/Ww7lcQbkze via @Etsy
check it... this celeb blocked me... ive contributed in my own small way to the improvement of his public image by harrassing him unprovoked
guys look at the opinion this insane fringe weirdo has. lets legitimize it by making it a trending hashtag when we dogpile on his loser ass
that sounds easy "no, you don't get it Mike you dummy, it's not that easy" OK sorry it sounds really hard "well no Mike, it's pretty easy."
ah shit, I have very little money and my life sucks... *buys some weed* oh great... now I have no money and I'm high and my life still sucks
i read at a high school level starting in fourth grade, and continuing well into college and adulthood. still not at the adult level yet
"words like bitch and dumbshit and fuckass are offensive and demeaning!" yeah no shit... thats like the whole reason that we invented them
"you think its cool to make fun of someone just because they dont know some obscure fact that you know?" well yeah... thats the main thing
if anyone wants to know what happens when you dont build credit during the key years when you should be doing that, ask me in a few years
fuck you dude, im a talented artist. its just that the kind of acclaim i get is the kind where you dont have to give the guy any money
people with the gene that lets you taste soap the flavor molecules in cilantro: how come i can taste them in soap but cilantro is still good
the whole cilantro tasting like soap because of genetics thing is just cause some people dont know what soap tastes like. im right dont @ me
take time out of my schedule? cant do it sorry. time is basically the essence of schedules
here's my impression of a guy from the 1940s: oh, im so scared of the wolf man and the mummy from the movie theater, i hope they dont get me
typical 1940s guy: didnt sleep well last night. i was scared the wolf man from the movie would get me. plus i dont care for japan or germany
this baby is the crown jewel of my gun collection... this is the actual exact gun that james bond used when he killed the king of england
your mental illness is defined in this book that I helped write as a disease characterized by a need for these pills which I am paid to sell
im the guy whos in savage garden<br />i want to bathe with you in the sea<br />i want to be in savage garden forever<br />our smooth jams are so good to me
if theres a bustle in your hedgerow<br />dont be alarmed now<br />its just the guy from led zeppelin
there's a band that is cool<br />im their singer, its true<br />and the name of the band is led zeppelin
i'd love to get a tweet retweeted by all of my followers, but unfortunately most of them are petty haters who are plotting to bring me down
getting sick as a child was a lot better because it wasn't as much my fault when it happened
me: ohhh i got a stomach flu...feeling sick... must be going around i guess<br />doctor: actually bitch its not. you caused this with poor habits
grizzled sea captains are so great https://t.co/kUgWlEJABn
https://t.co/LR36gj0NsP
sorry im late boss... my haters hatched a scheme to delay me<br />"shit! no! (punches desk) Mike, if they worked here Id fire them"<br />thank you sir
Erik the Conqueror (1961) https://t.co/O5Jb4BpWrm
(picture of shitty looking foods arranged in a non-appetizing way with a bottle of arbor mist)<br />bet you wish your man could cook like this...
War-Gods of the Deep (1965) https://t.co/x9mX8XOSvy
when i hear that someone on Fox News is saying stupid crap once again... https://t.co/FPLVNzXUTR
my face when someone tells me about one of the republicans being racist yet again https://t.co/2PchmU5uTL
one sign of being a bad writer is when you make characters who are supposed to be real people say stuff like this https://t.co/Tnx6Mk9liv
message to any of my followers who have more than a million dollars... quit being greedy... come on dude... hook it up
this movie is objectively bad. based on the facts figures and pure logic, its bad. the movie is directed by a dummy poo poo head objectively
the funniest tv show in terms of laughs per minute of airtime, is Police Squad
later tonight, i am going to take screen captures of all the shots i like in Blood and Black Lace (1964) and theres gonna be so many
using a latin phrase is just adding in an extra layer of defense between you and the person who notices the phrase youre using is stupid
if any teens follow me: dont allow your mom to make you lunch anymore. pack your own lunch for school and make lunch for her on the weekend
just an alien struggling to understand the difference between m and n but the rest of human language, at least english, i pretty much get
im done with this thing, i'll just put it in a random place. i remember where it is now and i dont see why that memory would fade over time.
when i'm mansplaining something to a SJW https://t.co/8VtKfS9hab
Blood and Black Lace (1964) https://t.co/YatJidryL4
https://t.co/bUDW4ofUGi
learning that the author was rude to a cobbler in the 1920s almost ruined this book for me, but fortunately i managed to become an adult
they'll seriously be all over the place. it'll be a problem. youll go to set something down but a frog will be there https://t.co/ePUUnFmJbc
Wow... can't believe starbucks is banning christians from their stores and forcing people to say that theyre gay when they order coffee
The Abominable Dr. Phibes (1974) https://t.co/pJXQAvZbMf
Guide to Art History<br />baroque: cool<br />rococo: cool/stupid<br />neoclassical: dumb<br />art nouveau: kind of cool but stupid<br />art deco: stupid<br />modern: cool
i know a guy who has acupuncture done regularly. he claims he knows its a placebo but it still works, but thats not what placebo means
if you tell them its gonna work its just a regular placebo dumbass... thats not how you do that experiment https://t.co/I4AMzkIxVy
a bunch of my so called "friends" were trying to get me to go see this movie with them, but luckily my real friends online told me it sucks
i feel bad for people who lived before imdb and rotten tomatoes... they would have had to watch full movies just to see if they were good
90s rappers say stuff in interviews like " my man 2pac would be appalled at the gay rap nowadays" but 2pac was like, a theater/ballet major
"rappers dont live the thug life they claim to personify" yeah and guys in 70s rock bands werent actually featured in the lord of the rings
bout to watch this bad boy... gonna be cool i bet https://t.co/fOWes0BNBM
wait if you think everyone is beautiful, are you just like, horny all the time or what? you think your mom is hot dude? youre nasty my man
[in the voice of the guy from Disturbed] umma numma nah, umma numma nah, dugga digga dugga
"hey! whoa! hey sir! please dont spill hot coffee onto my child! he cant dodge it, hes in a stroller!"<br />Oh excuse ME. everyone's so PC now.
hey, US government... I can throw a camera at a rock for much cheaper than the billions youre paying @NASA . like maybe one million at most
hey NASA, hot tip for you: fire off a big shitload of cameras at once, like shot gun style. then you can get a bunch of pictures of rocks
Torso (1973) https://t.co/Hc6fJux577
J Cole wrote this tweet about me, Mike F https://t.co/639JVgN0DQ
its important to play Devil's advocate in arguments. that way when the Devil shows up with his rude ass opinions we'll be prepared to argue
(im playing devils advocate and suddenly the devil comes in) oh hey dude. "Hey Mike. murder is cool" yeah i was just telling these guys that
Jared Leto has been using method acting to prepare for his role as the Joker. for instance he has a band thats very stupid as a joke
Jared Leto claims to be using Method Acting to explain why he acts like a joker/clown, but he cant have known about the role this whole time
Twitch of the Death Nerve (1971) - most bad ass movie title of all time https://t.co/5AZsvPZtoD
thats the stupidest idea ive ever heard of. https://t.co/z7MGxHBCVS
let me just play God's advocate here... what if all of you guys just stopped sinning and breaking the lord's commandments for one second?
I mean maybe I will if I get around to it but like there's probably some non hopeless cases I could pray for instead https://t.co/Dzz5frnYnm
"cool furniture Mike, my grandpa made stuff like this"<br />Oh thanks (under my breath) bet your grandpas shit was weak... id kick his old ass...
we will always remember 2015 as the year that 40 to 50 year old comedians effected real social change by being smug about gun laws online
Hercules in the Haunted World (1961) https://t.co/NYtftTJYBf
sick of being disrespected by the IRS when i file taxes. emailing me to call me a bitch, etc. one year my refund check had skidmarks on it
my little brother wants to see The Peanuts movie, but hes self conscious so he talks real fast and i always think hes saying The Penis Movie
there was a lot of shots i liked in this movie, here's 4 more https://t.co/gHH4iAqbqU
if i was a professional musician, i would probably release my best material in the early part of my career and save the money for retirement
medieval scribes used to write the first letter on the page in a large stylized font because they were bad at judging how wide the page was
a lot of people assume that just because im a huge dork, i must like comic books and video games. fuck off dude, im the other type of nerd
which one of these should i watch
easily the three best comedians of all time are Laura Lynn Hardy, Abbot Incostello and THE Mark Spruthers
ok well i dont have time to wait all day. black sabbath is in the lead so im watching it first
these subtitles are super helpful https://t.co/VPPruaVntg
https://t.co/z3rG5jbpTH
shia labouef is "crazy" and "weird" to the same extent that hes the transformers' friend or indiana jones' assistant, or like, Even Steven
well changing your profile pic doesnt help, making fun of changing your profile pic doesnt help, obviously actually helping isnt an option,
"sometimes at night... when the wind is right... you can still hear a river run through it..."  - Brad Pitt, A River Runs Through it (1998)
my fav scene from A River Runs Through it:<br />Brad Pitt's father: Son shut up! A river is never going to run through it!<br />Brad Pitt: Dad, no...
presented with two options, i consider them each carefully, weigh them based on their merits, and i pick the other one cause im a stupid ass
when someone at a funeral says it looks like the dude in the casket is just sleeping, you can tell theyve never seen a sleeping person
if two trains race, one going at a fast rate, steadily, and one going steadily at a slow rate, which would win? answer: the slow train.
Black Sabbath (1963) https://t.co/IKDF0EkzhK
https://t.co/DKEXAJcM8P
https://t.co/90jeyyXmxm
I cried when i saw this adorable ten year old boy break open his piggy bank and donate the roughly 14 dollars he found inside to ISIS
i think the best spice for dinner or lunch is salt, with pepper being the runner up. but for dessert, you cant beat the classic spice, sugar
all the babies who complain about bad service from comcast: where's your media distribution company? what company do you own thats so great?
old people facebook is like ee cummings shit. like this line all caps with a space between each letter. what was the author trying to convey
"we decided not to honor dated traditions so we're having steak instead of Turkey" oh yeah well why don't you have it on Wednesday too bitch
im a bitch, im a fucker / im a bitch plus im a fucker<br />im a fucker whos insane / i have a tiny brain
Studfinder huh? youre gonna need that thing when im around... they dont call me the stud loser for nothing.
instead of hiding your spare key in a fake rock, just put it in the case from an old Steve Vai CD. that way no one will open it up to check
when someone messes with your important tape https://t.co/x4970CwbEX
sometimes i see people being rewarded despite being wildly inconsistent and lame, and it makes me wonder why i even bother being so on point
i was bullied in many ways such as<br />- jocks talked louder than me<br />-girls bullied me by not having sex with me<br />-friends beat me at video games
The House with the Laughing Windows (1976) https://t.co/N1iszo3XBV
Possession (1981) https://t.co/XTxUKFSFao
parents said I have to wait til my 16th birthday to jerk off, so if you've done it before please don't spoil what happens at the end for me
"alright lets cut to the chase here" - the editing crew of the fast and furious movies, about a thousand times a day
I would like to propose a theory: if kobe bryant were to become married to cobie smulders, her name would then in turn become "cobie bryant"
whats better... the love guru... or meet the zohan?
ads 50 years ago: we'll do all we can to gain your confidence<br />ads now: hey we get it. it's just money... psshht... just buy one, am I right
Alright gang, I'm about to do some hustling, get ready:
please:<br />buy my woodworks ( https://t.co/pksXvhr05s )<br />donate to me: ( https://t.co/bum77pdVUs)<br />buy me gifts: ( https://t.co/fgp10xIMeo)
cashier: here's your receipt<br />comedian girl in front of me: that was so simple. im adulting haha<br />cashier: have a nice day<br />comedian: ha ha ha
its funny watching all these priveleged ass holes complain about student loan debt, when i can go into debt from just going to a bar twice
RIP to Jared Leto, famous Joker actor who recently died of type 2 male pattern auto erotic asphyxiation
currently suffering from both male pattern sadness and auto erotic seasonal affective disorder
im getting sick of dudebros and guymen taking all the brogrammer jobs at the game company, leaving nice boyfellows like me out in the cold.
cheese critic: mm yes this cheese has a great stinky quality to it; an aftertaste of grossness, as well as a nasty looking appearance. 9/10.
"at this theater you can get a beer while you watch the movie"<br />let me know when i can have 6 beers at home and then they bring me to a movie
dont make fun of me son of a bitch... i swear to god motherfucker... if something fun happens and i am a component of it i'll kick your ass.
whats everyones favorite part in the song In The Air Tonight by Phil Collins
theres a war on christmas? come on... why cant they just do it the day after christmas
journalist, 2015: I Used the Topping Suggestions From the Back of the Box of Ritz.... And it Wasn't Too Bad
its funny when people are like "whos to say whats truly 'cool'... who gets to define cool". its like, come on dude. hot babes decide it. duh
anyone know how to get famous celebs to stop sending nudes and DMs asking you to hang out all the time? im busy and i dont have time for it
I love in mission impossible when he avoids getting laser pointers shined on him while stealing documents from a laser tag arena or whatever
do you believe it should be legal to tape police officers, to their chairs at the cop office?
i dont practice santeria, but im the guy from sublime / well i had a million dollars but i, im still in sublime
i dont practice santeria / i dont practice at guitar / im not that good of a writer but hey / i make it work
a t shirt that says "people who own guns are statistically 100% more likely to shoot your ass dead if you try to fuck my daughter"
the main reason I get online is cause im worried that a lot of people dont know how cool/funny I am, and i don't want them to miss out
I bet if you fed a goose a shit load of foie gras, you could make some really good foie gras. no offense
my family's Christmas tree is a cowboy this year https://t.co/0FSIzDBBvZ
big truck - small dick<br />expensive car - small dick<br />motorcycle with side car -  you only have one ball<br />reasonable small used car - normal dick
when you see a guy driving a motorcycle with two sidecars, you can tell he has a small dick but two pretty large balls.
this movie fuckin rules... https://t.co/Sbyyvzk2gD
guy who's against trump: *reads article saying trump supporters have statistically low intelligence* ah... much as i suspected... their dumb
folks, I wouldn't recommend going to the flea circus... they give a pretty lousy performance!
today i found a 2 dollar bill from 1953! https://t.co/8ztuwTp60W
https://t.co/C6iGNaNZk5
if i was a rich guy, i would have bought the wu tang clan album and thrown it into the garbage right in front of the entire clan
on the twelfth day of christmas, my true love gave to me, twelve big ass birds, eleven other birds, ten more birds, nine smaller birds, eigh
(i notice that im feeling thirsty) Ah... I sense Im beginning to start to enter a phase in my life in which i will be drinking much water.
https://t.co/b0LL7U4LLp
https://t.co/dPyvpvQ6ZA
got a problem with that motherfucker? having some issues, bitch? can i offer you some assistance with that? need a hand there, stupid ass?
whenever you enter a situation you're unsure of, ask "who's the big birthday boy", that way you're apprised of who the big birthday boy is.
im so desensitized. honestly the only way i can even get horny anymore is by thinking about sex or seeing video footage of people having sex
in kindergarten i got in trouble explaining to other kids via hand drawn diagrams that girls had a small butt on the front instead of a dick
someday i'll use poor judgement and make my twitter name my real name, and all my prospective clients will see me talking about drinking pee
im going to watch a movie and take screen caps from it. which one should i do
https://t.co/qeCmngOtzl
The Final Girls (2015) https://t.co/cWyt53UWQm
Stoker (2013) https://t.co/0fdHJTGOOi
(im at the juggling championship and i throw the first ball up but i forget to throw the second one and i dont catch the first one) shit! no
i do not own the music in the video. i realize that while i have the cd the real jams belong to the copyright holder. i own nothing. im shit
no copyright intended. i dont own the music used in this video. i own it in a sense i guess but im not allowed to distribute it. im so sorry
wow... great tweet. underappreciated to say the least.
scrooge: bah humbug<br />ghost of christmas past: shut up bitch. you wear a hat to bed and you carry a candle around on a little plate
ghost of jacob marley: tonight you will be visited by three spiri-<br />me: ok first of all bitch leave the chains outside youll scratch my floor
(drug dealer starts putting my weed in a zip loc) wait dude. put it in this.(I hand him a bag marked 'official undercover police evidence')
LMFAO = laughing at many funny amusements online
Crimson Peak (2015) https://t.co/6DK7VxICmM
its time to face facts. the only reason people think the 1920s was a golden age of cinema is cause you were allowed to blaze in the theater
would you be an employee of someone else if you could pay your bills without having to do so
#HolidayMemories when me and the crew trampled an old lady on black friday to get a good deal on alarm clocks
When the whole squad tramples an elderly woman in order to get a bulk deal on Zunes for black friday #Christmas
doctor: my assistant is anyalyzing your stool sample now, it'll be just a moment<br />(sounds of the doctors assistant puking from the next room)
the post office is always losing money, but i have an idea for them. they should stop taking stuff fuckin across the countyr for 49 cents
i feel like im beginning to enter into a very stupid phase in my life. im finished being smart, and in fact im going to become even stupider
love Maker's Mark... truely a fine whiskey https://t.co/AqOnCle1MF
regular guy: you know when something loud happens and it rattles the China in your cabinet?<br />me: ah... yes of course... all my finest China.
old guy: hey honey! Hey! Bertha... i cant find our copy of gone with the wind... some punk millennial probably downloaded it...
faith and hope are two sides of the same coin... and that coin is worth one billion dollars.
I haven't thrown up in two years: the year I was 9 and the year when i was 12
i dont feed my kids anything with preservatives in it... don't want them to last any longer than they have to.
to tell if an egg has gone bad, simply crack it into a glass, and drink it down. if it's good, the egg is fine. if it's nasty, it's gone bad
i like when a movie is marketed as being from the executive producer of a diff movie. its like marketing a pizza made by the delivery driver
"an all new movie from the guys who brought you Terminator"<br />well my friend travis brought Terminator over. is he bringing another dvd?
Alright fine... leave if you want to. don't let my dad hit your ass on the way out
Hey dude come taste this boiling water, see if you think it's salty enough https://t.co/xnIZo0v7Ev
#WasteHisTime2016 ask him to go get your pail and shovel from that patch of sand but it's quicksand and ya man sink to his death 😂😂😂
#WasteHisTime2016 get him to bring u dominos but have him meet you at a different dominos location two towns over
#WasteHisTime2016 say you're cold and when he gives you his coat throw it in a river
#WasteHisTime2016 ask him to split a cask of wine but when he get drunk youu build a wall around him and inter him forever in stone 😂😂😂😂
#WasteHisTime2016 get him to buy you a burger then give it to the guy behind you in line then ask him to buy another one for you
me in my dream: sick, just found this stack of hundreds. gonna buy the things i like.<br />me when i wake up with no hundreds: ah shit. no!
its kind of ironic how all these fuck boys want to go out with me.... but none of them want to go in with me.
I need a website for my woodworking, but I have no money. Would a website maker make me a site in exchange for an extremely nice wooden box?
or some other kind of wooden item? A piece of furniture or something else commensurate to the cost of making the website.
Hey, @adidasoriginals , ever since I saw @nickmullen tweeting about your clothes i can't stop buying them. neither can my followers.
This is so important https://t.co/aYBEwXczgd
if someone is tailing you while youre driving, simply drive a little bit faster than they are. they can scientifically never catch up to you
brave teacher teaching at an inner city high school: kids... if you think about it... shakespeare isnt a good author... hes a shitty rapper
No fees no fines. no credit card required. no muss no fuss. no hassle. no shoes no shirt. sit down bitch we offer neither goods nor services
Trump: I'm going to close up the borders! Im racist<br />(crowd boos)<br />me: im going to hit a battery with a hammer until it pops<br />(crowd goes nuts)
https://t.co/qg6aqJLEUE
https://t.co/TgTFW2yLiY
raw denim wearer: its not dirt, its a natural patina picked up by the pants as they travel through various bathrooms and public throughways.
love to ask someone to borrow their cell phone and then go through their music and start listening to it on the phone speaker
Comedian. Coffee lover. I work at BuzzFeed. I think dress shoes are the ones that light up when you take a step. i wear a windbreaker to bed
grandma: Mike, stop piledriving my china onto the oriental rug<br />me: thats racist. (smashes two plates together) Chris Kyle bitch. Headshot
hmm... weird. this poster that says Artists are smart and cool seems to be really stylishly designed... almost like it was made by an artist
*steals a guys car and runs myself over with it* boom mother fucker, bowe bergdahl bitch
(i spin a gun around my finger and accidentally fire all six shots into my dick and balls) bowe bergdahl bitch
bowe bergdahl all day long mother fucker (i drift into a dumpster and all the trash falls in through the sunroof of my car)
check this shit bitch (i throw a rock at the wall as hard as i can and it bounces off and hits me in the head) bowe bergdahl son.
(backing all the way into a pull through parking spot so i still have to back out when i leave) bowe bergdahl mother fuckers
id like to apologize for making so many bowe bergdahl jokes earlier. i dont know who he is and im not sure if i was making fun of him or not
The Butterfly Effect (2003) - Ashton Kutcher captures a strange butterfly in a hollow log. But once he eats it he notices certain effects...
The Hunger Games (2013) - Four hippos are stationed in a swamp, each unaware of the others mission: to get the most food before its all gone
theres not one good song from the 1960s or 1970s. if you can name even one I'll block you immediately. do 🙅not 👐 @ 👠 me 💄
emotions are basically a spectrum, with mad on one end and nude on the other. when a man gets too mad, he must remove clothes to calm down.
where can i buy a set of denim sheets and a quilt that is a gigantic jeans ass
Top 3 lines to use to get a woman to be your wife:<br />1. smile sweetie<br />2. don't @ me<br />3. Hey girl what's that jug looking like?
The top marriage proposal line which I invented onto my wife, which gets her to marry me every time: Hey girl, what's that jug looking like?
"me and my friend split a bottle of bailey's and we got so drunk" - someone who's never been drunk
moron: I like hot sauce on my pizza.<br />me: uh, yeah, no shit dude. how are you gonna make a pizza with cold sauce?
"we're having pizza? hope we have hot sauce to go with it"<br />idiot, the pizza comes with sauce, which gets hot automatically when they cook it
Baby Geniuses 2: Baby Dumbasses
S, M, L, XL, 2XL, Way2XL, InsanelyL
Thanks greg https://t.co/PCo6YgI4wi
my haters are doing a kickstarter to get me to sit down really fast on a boxing glove with a rock in it. the idea is, it will "punch" my ass
concierge we got a guy whos a total bitch checking into the hotel. give him the loser suite. yeah room for one lol. and tell him to fuck off
don't make fun of horses for being scared of fireworks. once someone handed me a sparkler and i got spooked and shoved my dad into the grill
ah fuck, im trapped in a lovers triangle.... the sexiest form of triangle
top ten movies every guy MUST see<br />1. American Sniper<br />2. Chris Kyle<br />3. Bradley Cooper<br />4. Headshot<br />5. CHris Kyle<br />6. Die Bitch<br />7 Clint Eastwood
well well well... looks like my followers are in for the opposite of a treat... https://t.co/HlZciUF1xx
Please text me back as soon as you receive this text. I have something urgent I need to text to you.
being a single mother is the easiest and most thanked job on the planet. the second easiest is being one of the troops, or a firefighter.
guest: theres no toilet paper in here!<br />me: dude just use the ass brush<br />guest: (looks over at toilet brush in mute horror)
all 👏 firefighters 👏 and 👏 the troops 👏 and single mothers 👏 should 👏 be 👏 drug 👏 tested 👏 on a weekly basis 👏
me: i wanna build stuff for a living<br />everyone: ok more money for the rest of us<br />me: haha what do you mean<br />everyone: im buying a car<br />me: wait
when someone accidentally spells "bawling" as "balling" https://t.co/PBdXKvGqpe
I'm Mike F
"chekhov's gun" is the ultimate weapon of a director. hes allowed to use it at any time and he can shoot anyone in the movie legally
film critic: Im not sure about the continuity in the second act, ther-<br />director: chekhovs gun bitch. boom headshot. chris kyle motherfucker
me assassinating a guy by poisoning him: hey hows the food?<br />guy: its good th-<br />me: its poisonous dude. im fucking murdering you.
guy drinking a poisoned drink i just gave him: Mmm wow this is really good thanks Mike<br />me: its actually not that good dumbass its got poison
me getting ready to assasinate a guy with poison: chicken or fish sir?<br />guy: which do you recommend<br />me: your call dude im poisoning them both
1956: we dropped an ice cube down bobbys shirt at the slumber party<br /><br />2016: we dropped a bomb down Clegmer's shirt during the knockout game
Uh hello... there is dude. https://t.co/VWvkv344Cc
https://t.co/UTBiXN4lkw
go ahead, make fun of my strong sense of empathy. i learned it from my mom so really youre making fun of her, which just gets me even madder
guy: Hey congrats on your new job with the secret service!<br />secret service guy: dude if you try to hurt the president im going to murder you.
Go Marines! HU HA! if you can read this thank a marine.
[someone asks me a question too loud]<br />HU HA
me: can you pass the salt?<br />secret service guy: sure. Oh and if you try to use this to hurt the president I'm going to fucking murk you dude.
me: oh ow this hot sauce is really spicy<br />secret service guy: (draws his gun) don't you dare fucking give any to the president bitch or else.
(i see a picture of a guy giving the middle finger and i instinctively become pissed off and throw my phone into the sink)
john kellogg: Im starting a new company. basically the idea is i hate jerking off but i love cereal that sucks shit<br />everyone else: cool john
tip: instead of addressing catalogs to "current resident", just write "if you got money this catalog is yours" and throw them out the window
who wants to rent a house in the boston area with two dumbasses
Mario - 1/10 - Extremely stupid game.<br />You meet one turtle in this game and he immediately kills you on the first level every time. Dreadful.
the active ingredient in Marijuana which gets you "high" is called THC, which stands for "Tony Hawk Chemical"
it seems rock bands are finally going the way of the dodo bird... being shot for sport in droves by horny aggressive sailors on shore leave
I salvaged a couple of mahogany feet from a dresser that were going to be thrown away, im making bowls with them https://t.co/2D6EtcowQC
This is a pair of bowls I made from a piece of butternut, finished with danish oil and paste wax https://t.co/QJhNzx5Vc9
me in 2015: maybe if we outlaw guns the shootings will stop?<br />me in 2016: im bringeing my gun into work to no scope my boss. chris kyle bitch
1950: puttin my head in the oven because i hate rock &amp; roll<br />2016: gonna shoot the library with a bazooka because i dont like the kardashians
Id like to promote myself real quick:<br />Please go to my Etsy store (https://t.co/pksXvhr05s) and see if you'd like to buy anything. Thank you.
fuck ass crapper
(I pull over to  help someone on the highway and step out of my car with a  AAA card and a gun) alright pal you can get either one of these
thats a shitty secret dude https://t.co/pMvInrRuFS
guy: i had a great cheeseburger earlier<br />guy 2: can i try some?<br />guy: its gone, sorry<br />guy 2: baby bird me bro.<br />guy: (starts inducing vomiting)
*I crack open a bottle of Small Batch Dark Ale and take a sip, but then i read the label again and it says "small bitch dork ale"* shit! no!
simple trick to easily tell whether or not milk has gone bad: drink a big cup full of the milk. if you don't barf, then you're in the clear.
simple trick to get perfect toast every time: take a look in the toaster. when the toast starts to look just right, just simply pull it out.
simple trick to instantly de-ice your car's windshield: use some kind of a machine that produces a lot of heat instantly. like, a heat beam.
There's nothing illegal about breaking the law... no law against it.
kid, I need you to step on the upturned tines of a rake so that the handle comes up and hits your face... and make it look like an accident.
me smoking crack for the first time: mmm, this crack stuff is actually pretty decent<br />me the next day: hm i could actually go for some crack.
if anyone sees anyone talking crap about me, or starting drama, or being fake or haterish in general, please let me know, as I love drama.
everyone in the world is a stupid pile of shit who's just mad at me for being so nice and understanding and tolerant. they can't stand it.
laughing my ass off https://t.co/iv5E2HMGnD
4 out of 5 dentists hate that I do this one trick [uses their own knock out gas on them]
just had the worst day at work. showed up late (traffic...) and basically as soon as I walk in my boss airholes my dome with a sniper rifle
sick of this job. as soon as i got to work there was a bomb on my desk which exploded, fully destroying my ass. then my boss headshotted me
don't get me wrong im not saying nuts are a "bad" food, I'm just saying nobody's about to get hungry if you tell them you're eating a peanut
50% of my knowledge is just different theories of intelligence explaining how i can still be smart even though i dont actually know anything
(after getting literally every single question wrong on the IQ test) well, like, there's a lot of different styles of intelligence dude.
I have a non-traditional style of intelligence where I don't test well, and if you ask me stuff i don't know it.i don't do shit well either.
judging me using traditional intelligence tests is like judging a bird based on its ability to swim. the bird is stupid as shit and so am i.
im not book smart i have what scholars call "kinetic intelligence" *pushing really hard against a door that says PULL on it in huge letters*
one big turning point in my twitter career is when i realized i could just make the same tweet like 6 times in a row with different wording
heavy is the shirt that is worn in the pool
my friends... it is with a heavy shirt that i must announce i have been swimming in my t shirt once again
Aww, a gift for me? Shucks... you shouldn't have... you should not have.<br />You <br />👏<br />should<br />👏<br />not<br />👏<br />have<br />👏<br />done<br />👏<br />that
*plugs guitar into diaper, plays bad sounding shit* i like textures. never washed my jeans in my life. i buy clothes more than i do laundry.
using google in 2006: how do i get high using my parents medicine cabinet<br />using google in 2016: how do i unlock my dads gun cabinet
my shirt is a ferrari. it cost one hundred thousand dollars and it burns gas. fuck off idiot bitch ill snipe your dick if you @ me once more
craigslist  --  jobs<br /><br />i will mail you a bomb or some poison. you son of a bitch i will do it.<br /><br />do<br />🙅<br />not<br />🙆<br />contact<br />🙅<br />me<br />🙆<br />ever
me: hey watch out dude that pan is really hot<br />pansexual guy: mmmm and dont i know it baby... hachi machi.... come to daddy...
(i read about the woman who died from chugging water to get a nintendo) oh shit no way you can get a nintendo by just drinking some water?
customer: where can i find this item to buy it?<br />me: youre the biggest bitch in the store right now<br />customer: im so sorry youre right shit
guy at home depot working in the toilet section: hey, great toilet you're lookin' at bud. you lookin to maybe take some shits in that thing?
customer: hello<br />cool retail guy: cool load of shit, dick. gimme your wallet and your wifes email so i can tell her her what you bought, ass.
if you want to make a difference in the world you have to take bold action https://t.co/g0jzGidjnT
its kind of crazy how people just walk around all day everywhere acting like they know what the fuck a battery is or does or how it does it
i'll mail you a dollar if you can explain batteries to me. be warned im extremely stupid so its not as easy as it might normally be
thank you to everyone who told me that you put metal and acid in a tube and electricity happens. thank you i know. but still what the fuck
any time you ask an electrician how electricity works, they just tell you that it exists using more obscure words than you used initially
ambulance<br />🚑<br />drivers<br />🚑<br />should<br />🚑<br />give<br />🚑<br />some<br />🚑<br />of<br />🚑<br />their<br />🚑<br />cash<br />🚑<br />to<br />🚑<br />me<br />🚑<br />their<br />🚑<br />money<br />🚑<br />because<br />🚑<br />their<br />🚑<br />van<br />🚑<br />is<br />🚑<br />nicer<br />🚑<br />than<br />🚑<br />mine
ambulance 🚑 drivers 🚑 should 🚑 be 🚑 required 🚑 to 🚑 pull 🚑 over 🚑 and 🚑 let 🚑 me 🚑 pass 🚑 so 🚑 i 🚑 can 🚑 get 🚑 to 🚑 wendys 🚑 more 🚑 quickly
classic rock is easily one of the oldest types of music, surpassed in age only by one other genre: oldies
do 👏not👏send👏me👏nudes👏unless👏you 👏know 👏for 👏a👏fact👏that 👏I👏am👏naked 👏as 👏well👏
(explaining twitter to my friends) basically I'm the funny one on there. like the class clown kind of. I'm basically the joker of the place.
me 2 years ago: i just try to be funny without resorting to cheap easy jokes<br />me now: chris 👏 kyle 🔨 die 🔫 bitch 💣 american 🔪 sniper 🙅
its unethical and frankly abusive to have more money than me, or to order a more expensive meal than me while we're at the same restaurant.
me: i'll have the burger<br />guy at the next table talking to a different waiter: i'll take the lobster ravioli<br />me: he'll have chicken fingers.
dude we're both gonna score https://t.co/LCbAzMshhY
me on my deathbed: my boy... come closer to me...<br />my boy: yes... what is it father...<br />me: dude... show me your ass in a non gay way...
anyone ever puts me in my death bed im gonna "fall" out of it. not gonna get me that easy dude. i wasnt born yesterday. im real old in fact.
guy in front of me in line: 10 piece nuggets, large drink please<br />me: (slightly louder) 11 piece for me. large, and make the drink extra full
*hands cashier a 20* don't keep the change
All 🔪 surgeons 🏥 are 🔪 murderers 🏥 who 🔪 stab 🏥 people 🔪 for 🏥 a 🔪 living 🏥🔪 every 🏥 day
npr and other news outlets should interview me about my tweets and give me their m money. im sorry if this offends but it's true.
here's a box im working on at the moment, the woods are eastern white pine and granadillo https://t.co/WGPILexS4t
never 👐 admit 👏 you're 👐 sad 👏 online 👐 use 👏 coping 👐 mechanisms 👏 that 👐 actually 👏 work 👐 so 👏 you 👐 can 👏 be 👐 funnier 👏
I'd rather ask for money from my friends than actually confront my boss on why i dont get paid enough for doing work
every time someone thinks im making fun of them on here, im making fun of myself, but i cant get mad cause im more insecure than them by far
theres gonna be two hits pal... im gonna go ahead and hit you two times and im trusting you not to increase the number of hits by hitting me
it's funny to see people talking shit about me when they literally have light up shoes and adult onset SIDS
theres a regular customer at work named James Butterworth, and every time he comes in I want to ask him coyly if there's a Mrs Butterworth
nice
the "being friendly" bit is one of the most powerful moves when you're getting roasted. really makes the other guy feel bad and look mean
ive decided to begin starting to be a man who is becoming ready to turn into a man who is beginning to want to start to change into a man wh
im going to order a bomb on amazon so that when it arrives it blows up my head with a deadly explosion
first time voter here: I should get to vote for a candidate in each party imo
https://t.co/ztMEmKdTbU
John Oliver DESTROYS Young Child - MUST SEE! - Little Kid Meets His Fate
i throw my beer bottle in the trash from a few feet away but it bounces out of the trash can and hits me directly in the nuts, taking me out
i throw a fine china plate on the ground while having a tantrum; it bounces up and hits me in the nuts, im instantly knocked unconscious
i throw a piece of garbage over my shoulder but it bounces off the wall and the floor in such a way that it hits my nuts and takes me out
as a kid, if i misbehaved my dad would come into my room and shoot me in my head with a real gun, killing me. it made me a stronger person.
most difficult experiences of my childhood:<br />-left in woods as a baby<br />-dad shot me in the dome<br />-mom backed over me in the driveway on purpose
i cut a rope and drop a chandelier from the ceiling but a strong gust of wind kicks up and deflects it directly into my nuts, taking me out
veteran: my dad died protecting your grandma from a missile<br />me: im glad he died bitch, and plus i have plans to fire a missile at my grandma
oh my god you gotta see this gif of a politician looking disappointed and bored at a really boring disappointing event, its riotously funny
people now are scared to punish their kids. i mean look at me, my dad cut me in half using the saw in an old lumber mill and i came out fine
interviewer: Mike how have these threats affected your day to day life?<br />me: well for instance, i get murked pretty much instantly every day
amazing, relaxing ASMR video, please share if you know someone who's having a rough day. https://t.co/ljyul7LWqs
wow incredible video I found for meditation... gets me right in the zone https://t.co/gCl1U5BvDo
"being handicapped doesnt stop this dog from having the best day" i dont know man. it might have been a LITTLE better with all 4 legs. sorry
anybody want to pay me to advertise their business? i'll do it for five thousand dollars each.
i toss my coat off and kick my feet up, but as soon as my feet hit the ottoman my coat comes back down and lands on my face, smothering me
hate it when im doing the party trick where you light your sock on fire but my entire outfit catches on fire instantly and im left naked
i push a boulder off a cliff to kill my enemy but I mistime it and it lands right behind him and bounces back up into my nuts, taking me out
people everywhere in all walks of life are just wildly bad at judging what types of things I want to be told by them on a day to day basis
This is roughly the breakdown of facts that people tell me in my life:<br />70% - i already know that<br />20% - fake<br />10% - probably real i dont care
you cant teach a nerd dog cool tricks
Sweet-natured sign language learning monkey from local zoo faces over 30 firing squads at once to great public outcry
Gentle ape not gentle enough to avoid being shot with the US military's most powerful howitzer on full blast
i throw a piece of trash out the window on the highway but my hubcap catches it and flings it directly into my mouth and i barf everywhere
in a game of horseshoes i throw a perfect hammer; the shoe hits the post dead on but it bounces all the way back into my nuts, taking me out
Yes my question is for both mr. sanders and mrs. clinton. did you guys see the revenant? what did you think. i kinda thought it was too long
i kick a field goal from 60 yards, but when the ball hits the ground it bounces and flies all the way back and into my nuts and im taken out
i hit a home run and throw my bat in the air but just as im rounding third it comes back down and beans me right in the nuts and im out cold
staples of a caveman diet included mainly stuff like a big mammoth leg which they would hold in one hand or the oatmeal with dino eggs in it
priest watching the news: (something good happens) God... nice one man. (something bad happens) ah fuck. the devil. I do not like you bitch
dude i think its really passive aggressive how you keep trying to murder me by putting poison in my coffee without telling me about it.
passive aggressive is when you do something aggressive while youre just walking by or chilling. like if you shoot someone while youre in bed
passive: just chilling<br />aggressive: mailing a bomb to someone<br />passive aggressive: just casually throwing a bomb out the window while chilling
passive: im not shooting you<br />aggressive: im shooting you dude<br />passive aggressive: (firing gun while laying on a couch) hey did that kill you
oh shit dude did that kill you? my bad man.
passive: not poisoning coffee<br />aggressive: poisoning someones coffee<br />passive aggressive: poisoning someones coffee while youre passing by it
hey mon, toke da ganja! im from hawaii mon... shrimp on the bahbie
(i pay a thousand dollars for a recording session but as soon as i pluck my guitar string it snaps and cuts off both of my hands) dahh shit
headline at time of my eventual arrest:<br />Ultimate Motherfucker Arrested on Suspicion of Wrecking 1,000s of Stupid Rat Fools Indiscriminately
Ironic - adj. - something thats just a total joke; everyone can tell it's obviously true.<br />ex. "Doctors are the stupidest people of all time"
RIP Yuri Gagarin. Discovered, but never revealed that if you cum in space, it forms a single orb that floats around and you have to catch it
WATCH - Must see! guy who says "me like Trump" brutally verbally defeated by obviously much smarter guy saying "Me like Bernie Sanders"
Pascal's Wager states "I bet god is real, or my name isn't Pascal." Since his name was Pascal, this was taken to be proof of Gods existence
Pascal's Wager, which is "I bet you can't chug a whole gallon of milk without throwing up" surprisingly still holds true to this day
david foster wallace: irony is destructive. sarcasm is a grounds-clearing, a burning destructive force<br />me: who cares bitch<br />david: wahhh, nya
a campaign rally is like a concert where the singer yells a lot about how good the next album is gonna be without actually playing any music
[my racist uncle says that hes going to vote for trump at family dinner and i get so pissed i eat my whole steak in one bite]
the message of the movie American Beauty is that all gay guys are nuts and they will shoot you if you don't kiss them and have sex with them
hey cutie let me open that beer for you [i put the cap on the edge of the bar and hit it; the entire bar falls over spilling every drink]
coworker: what kind of music do you like?<br />me: i like a total of 1,005 songs by 950 musical artists. which list would you like to hear first?
when i see a guy on the news who i disagree with, thats just scary. im so wise and mature that im scared of my tv due to the mean man on it
smoking weed right after you wake up is a radical act of self love and republicans are deeply terrified and financially threatened by it
me to my 3 yr old: Donald trump is gonna get you. watch your ass pipsqueak<br />my 3 yr old son: im scawed of Twump<br />me: dude he's gonna kill you
my 3 year old just said the most lucid, precocious adorable thing: "my dad is a huge bitch who makes me watch the stupid tv shows he likes"
the conceit of this piece is that i dont know what conceit means in that context. also i've never noticed a theme or learned from a message
When a hottie calls you up to go on a date but you just got neutered https://t.co/D2vjq4Je3z
when your boss asks if you smoke and you ask if he means cigarettes https://t.co/BHj8Ytb98m
when you find out that your new friend is actually a member of ISIS but youre still trying to play it cool https://t.co/3Zy38VA62n
when you boycott your racist uncles thanksgiving dinner but he starts serving his famous racist green bean casserole https://t.co/Phu5gELiPw
ted always said stuff like "whats your address", "hope you like bombs", "im gonna unabomb you dude" etc. but we never thought he was serious
rachel... if youre reading this... i think its cool too https://t.co/VGT16UKpiZ
dont put "writer" in your twitter bio. like no shit dude. everyone here writes thats how the shit works. its a website where you post words
red red wine i like to drink red wine, i drink red wine, a lot of the time, red red wine i like the red kind of wine, red wine at all times
(in bad company voice) I feel like makin subs
one thing that I found to be really rewarding, was when I permanently turned into a huge dumbass on day one of my life as soon as I was born
I'm Mikey F baby
my new job is really cool I like it https://t.co/qx8rrcjnNG
being happy is really pretty simple and easy. you pretend youre happy for as long as you can, then you admit youre happy and boom youre done
i swipe my card and select the 87 unleaded. i spray out a couple test squirts onto the pavement to make sure the gas is fresh
im walking my dog and i throw a ball for him to fetch. it bounces off a tree and flies behind me. the dog barrels into my nuts taking me out
bought my son a drone. first thing he does is a complex aerial maneuver which flies it into my nuts at high speed, fully incapacitating me
*i pull the pin from a grenade and throw it. a piece of shrapnel flies directly back toward me and cuts my entire dick off* ah shit cmon
yo im wicked smaht. im smaht as fuck kid. my vocabulary is fuckin so good dude.
what would the world be like if George Bush had never killed Clinton by demolishing Building 7. Bill would still be president first of all,
me: Id like a pound of turkey please<br />deli guy: why do you want to buy a pound of yourself dude<br />other customers in line behind me: yeah bitch
me: excuse me I have a huge thanksgiving dinner planned I need the biggest turkey in the store<br />clerk: youre wearin his shirt sucka. fuck off
i pick up a big log and throw it onto the roaring bonfire, but it bounces back out and careens full on into my nuts completely taking me out
I open my car door but I left the window rolled down and a woodland critter who snuck in flies full force into my balls incapacitating me
i toss a grenade over the top of the trench but it bounces off an enemy grenade and strikes my nuts, exploding them, knocking me unconscious
i go to clink glasses with a friend but i accidentally knock the beer out of his hand. it bounces off the floor and into my nuts, killing me
Harry Potter and the trait of being a huge bitch
dont bring a knife to a dogfight
"my kid hates vegetables" technically your kid is stupid and he mostly just likes not starving, so its kind of your call what foods he likes
As a single parent of 10 kids who is also a volunteer firefighter, id have to say i have the two easiest jobs in the world.
"you can't understand what it's like having kids." yeah it must be really tough having tiny butlers who put on your slippers for you, etc
i exercise at work i dont need a gym (i haul a couch up a ladder using only my back muscles and heave it stupidly, falling off the ladder)
i set off my smoke alarm cooking dinner and open a window, but they extend the fire truck ladder through it and hit my nuts, taking me out
(i meet up with a girl from tinder whos profile said "no games" and i throw a a Connect Four box at her head) Yes games bitch,
all the great revolutions wouldnt have happened if people didnt care. but they all sucked and didnt work so fuck off and let me not vote
if people like you who think "both sides have good points" got their way we would never have had great revolutionaries like robespierre
Just got some engagement photos taken of my wives https://t.co/C1HwDzTsU5
(in extremely angry voice) mmmmmm this is fun and rewarding. ohhh yeah this activity is what I like
I'm into the idea of faking it til you make it and pretending to be happy. I'm OK at it. but it still doesn't really kick in til like 10 AM
my mental situation isnt right, but i picked a career that doesnt come with health insurance and ive a vested interest in pretending im cool
hey girl nice boyfriend. id like him more if he bought me a beer. come on dude just one beer you can afford it
(I see a huge stone leg that was once part of a larger statue) what splendor<br />(I see a huge sexy stone leg with a high heel on) hoochy moochy
try new Wendy's Chicken T-bone. "but chickens don't have a t shaped bone that large" you say. well don't worry about it. we figured it out.
blue and pink are much better flavors than red. do not @ me i am correct fuck off dude
CEO: well I'm thinking the next logical step here is to behave like a huge ho https://t.co/03tTGtuc12
who knows what wonders lie just up the road? maybe I missed the turn on purpose to find out. not all those who make a 3 point turn are lost
hate when i slip at home depot and get my head stuck in the machine that shakes paint cans and it shakes my head turning me extremely stupid
overheard earlier:<br />"doctor says i cant have milk or cream in my coffee before the surgery"<br />what about half and half?<br />"he didnt mention that"
[i place my coat over a puddle so that my lady companion can cross over it] hey uh... can we trade coats? mine is wet now. thanks sorry.
hey girl nice shoes.... can i have one of them? cmon just one shoe dog. you have two and i dont have any. cmon just gimme one shoe.
can someone help me lift these weights [several people look over] oh nevermind it looks like i got them by myself. thanks for looking though
theres nothing dirty about eating pieces of dirt
why cant people just relax &amp; wait to see the election results. like vote if thats your thing, but you could also settle down in the meantime
a priest, a rabbi, a politician and a soldier walk into a bar. the bar strikes all four of them in the nuts and theyre all taken out at once
nice piano... what is it a steinway? [i kick the rear leg, it snaps off and the piano drops on my foot breaking all of my toes]
i like pretty much every kind of music. blues, rock, soft rock, hard rock, metal, uh... blues rock,
my mind is like a steel trap (i suddenly get my head caught in a trap made of solid steel) ah! shit!
jesus: let he who is without sin ride shotgun. cmon dog ive never sinned, you sin a lot. let he who is without sin have some of your fries.
if something should happen whilst you're crappin, stay for a bit and clean up your shit
people often ask me how my wife and i met. well weve never met stop asking.
I'm a janitor at MIT and i see some extremely hard ass equation on the chalk board. i quickly erase it because im not being paid to do math
good will hunting if it was about me:<br />"you can probably tell me all about Michelangelo" nope "the sistine chapel?" I'm fahckin retahded kid
im a janitor at MIT, i see a problem on the board. i press down real hard with the chalk and it snaps; a chunk goes in my throat and i barf
I'm 14, love to be online and I'm healthy. I have aids
Nothing can honk louder than a goose.
department stores now: gross draconian signs reading "MENS"/"WOMENS"<br />department stores in the future: one huge hamper with "?" printed on it
im singing along to Aretha in a very high falsetto, but unbeknownst to me my boss is right behind me watching me feel like a natural woman
apps: Mike we need your approval to get updates so we can help you out<br />me: get it from someone else bitch im not your dad
at the batting cages my son accidentally hits my nuts with a bat, knocking them into the firing line of the ball shooter, which takes me out
girl: ok first off i dont like games or drama<br />me: yeah of course not (i quickly kick my tragedy/comedy masks and Monopoly box under the bed)
im a switchman at a level crossing and the gate jams. i step out to check on it and it immediately pivots upward into my nuts, taking me out
im trying to move a pyramid stone via the ancient method but i catch the fulcrum at a weird angle and fling 4 tons of limestone into my nuts
just found the best sign at work https://t.co/G8K0BsvMbT
hey dude heres an acting tip... try being in movies that dont all have the same title https://t.co/wjJzjvOrOQ
i open a carton of eggs in the store to inspect them. i crack one on my bottom teeth and swish it around in my mouth before spitting it out
eggs over easy - a raw egg on toast<br />sunny side up - an egg cracked directly into your mouth<br />eggs over hard - a raw egg, frozen
no waiter i wanted this egg over easy. thats where you just hand it over to me real easy and i eat it raw
in order to tell if an egg is bad, merely pop it into your mouth and simply chew on it for one minute. you will know after the minute is up
im inspecting a carton of eggs at the store with utmost care when an egg casually tossed from four aisles away strikes my nuts taking me out
i fill up a garbage can at home depot with expensive items to get them for free. when i get home i notice its full and i take it to the curb
my favorite political arguments are when people accuse each other of being left or right, based on which direction is more likely to offend
[i detect that someone is politically really into the direction "left"] hey dummy... you know that guys basically all the way to the right?
i dont want no fake man woman comin into the boys bathroom and seeing the men wavin our hogs around like we do. gettin in swordfights etc
me: id like the jerk chicken please<br />waiter: *serves me a plate of normal style chicken* whats up bitch, say something. youre burnt. got em
Human beings on average have grown taller over time. this allows us to eat the fruits and leaves from trees which are higher up.
Sun Tzu: If your enemy has 400 swords... you must bring at least... uh... 401 swords to the battle in order to defeat him.
Sun Tzu: The art of war is conducted thusly... when you aim your cannons, attempt to hit your enemies' nuts. this will take them out fully.
"When fighting war, it is vital to never allow your enemy to cut your neck very much. but instead, allow yourself to cut his neck" - Sun Tzu
"When the head is cut from the snake, the snake will perish. the same is true of your enemy. cut all their heads off and you win" - Sun Tzu
I just published “6 Months ago I threw my smart phone in the trash. What happened blew my mind” https://t.co/nxVOD1PT58
if you have a problem with me, please leave me out of it. thanks.
if you fold your pizza slice youre a complete dumb ass who hates good stuff. dont @ me about it
*folds pizza slice in half to eat it* mmm this is sooo good *rolls banana into a ball* yummy *folds up a BLT* im not a stupid clown at all
great news gang. the ~60 year old dude who has the same name as me who i friended on facebook  like 7 years ago survived his cardiac bypass
i climb the ten thousand steps to the ancient temple but i dont step on the last one quite right and i slip and tumble all the way back down
MUST TRY: recipe for making alcoholic chocolate pudding shots which get you like 3% more fucked up than just plain chocolate pudding
does anyone have a fuckin clue what the president does for a living. dont answer this please.
im a chill guy, i dont get mad very easily, but if you piss me off, i'll get angry as hell... oh yeah, and its extremely easy to piss me off
yeah dude come over any time. just don't let the door hit me in the ass on your way in... make sure my ass is well clear of the doors path
Don't let the door hit you in the ass if you live in a glass house
(im leaving my rivals house and he diplomatically warns me of the doors tendency to strike exiting asses. i ignore it and am struck) shit!
can i get one egg? (waiter writes it down and starts walking away) oh and one more thing bitch... can i get another egg to go with it.
lady at the polling station: which ballot would you like?<br />me: is george w bush still an option for president or no
things you need to know about sad nerds<br />-theyre heroes<br />-they deserve extra respect<br />-give them a hand job once in a while<br />-theyre geniuses<br />-
As a guy with depression, heres some easy tips for respecting the depressed: if you go to lunch with a depressed person you pay every time,
things you need to know when dealing or talking with me:<br />- if i say something rude its not my fault<br />- i dont wear deodorant (not my fault)<br />-
Delightful spider monkeys at play learn to eat dirt due to extremely brutal SWAT team tactics
the top questions people face at tax time according to these articles are not at all the same questions as the ones i have. for instance,
if i lie on my taxes theyre gonna check the files and call me out. but why are you making me fill out this form if you already know my shit
if i owe you money why didnt you just take it weekly like the other money i owed you? why bring postage and additional checks into the mix
me online: fuck off losers. i'll kick your ass easily<br />me trying to use the sink: owww the watewr is too wet... its making me aww wet... wahh
job interviewer: how much are you expecting to be paid?<br />me: can i get 20 bucks
son i told you, you can't do jenkem until your 12th birthday. go play the knockout game with your brother.
Things to NEVER say to someone with depression:<br />- I hope your depression increases<br />- dude if you don't kill yourself im gonna kill myself
10 things to never say to someone whos suffering from being hungry<br />- mmm this food is so good<br />- bet you wish you had some of this food bitch
plato: i just like to observe stuff objectively. but my boy socrates says i should be king. no need to ask him, i wrote it down in this book
The Republic - chapter one<br />PLATO: We need a new king... but who ever could be wise enough<br />SOCRATES: Dude... you of course<br />PLATO: Aww shucks
the sound direction in this film was excellent, making use of the classic direction of "outward from the speakers"
live free and die or go big and go home
me: i brought donuts<br />coworkers: we're gonna get you bitch<br />me: dont hurt me!<br />boss: hurt him<br />me: no<br />boss: attack Mike with your hands and feet
💣📭📫🎆🎆🎆😂😂😂
car guys get sooo mad when i tell them that motor oil isnt that important and that my car runs fine without it, but its completely true
oh the oil light came on... oh phew it turned off again (repeat for like 6 months to a year) ok i guess its time to put a gallon of oil in.
I do
Boko Haram's recent work is questionable at best, but you cant deny that A Whiter Shade of Pale is a jam
its obvious to anyone whos not a dumbass who the next US president will be. but you cant say it til november or people will try to argue
beer before liquor, thats fine i dont care, liquor before beer, do what you want its not my problem
In preparation for his role as the joker, Jared Leto printed out the Wikipedia article on method acting, and also the one on heath ledger
to prep for his role, Leto rented a billboard on which he wrote "im a real actor" and texted the cast asking to be compared to heath ledger
from breaking bad, best TV show ever:<br />walt: I do the knocking around here... I make meth bitch ever heard of it<br />saul: meth? seriously? cmon
if you're taller than me you need to kneel and put your knees in your shoes so that it looks like you have tiny legs. sorry not my problem
this is the last text I sent before I died: "dude they should decriminalize stealing"
They 👏 Should 👏 Decriminalize 👏 Stealing
Hey.... yo... shit the fuck up. shut the fuck off kid. shut the up
wow dude. I cant believe you would question me here... in the house where I store my wheels. the place where I'm at my most powerful...
(somebody asks me to perform a herculean task) ahhh... fuckin... come on... dude...
man im sorry to hear that your dad died when you were a baby. both of my dads died when my brother and i were twin babies no big deal though
adorable rescued baby chimp to be used as the ball for one entire season of NBA basketball
im an idiot savant of being a dumbass
pistachio lovers LOVE having to pick through almonds to get to the actual good stuff https://t.co/yxi0WLQcCJ
Ranking of nuts in mixed nuts:<br />almonds are the worst, peanuts second worst. I'll finish the list later
(im cooking a meal and I start chopping the vegetables super fast and I hit my hand like 14 times) ahhh ow fuck aaaaa shit shit shit no ouch
im terrified of clowns, theyre sooo scary. other things im scared of include jokesters, dumbasses, bozos, comedians, chumps, and knucklheads
let me give you some advice: never make plans, if youre going to do something fall into it with your ass backwards, never wear nice clothes,
Q: here... try this. its a small robot which shoots everyone and you cant turn it off<br />James Bond: ok... Ow! Ah fuck it shot me<br />Q: yeah dude
(some guy pulls into the same lane as me like a quarter mile in front of my car) FUCK you dude. fuckin cuttin me off... bitch... you ass...
grass fed cows are ok or whatever but there should be a type of cows that just eat ghost peppers or chipotles or something with some flavor
prized "spicy cow" eats only ghost peppers for its entire life
do you respect  and admire me and promise to give me 20 dollars?
im really great to hang out with but other people aren't as much. im basically forced to "take one for the team" by socializing but, i do it
do you vow to take this man as your lawfully wedded husband, to give him 20 dollars to have and to hold, for keepsies with no takesies back,
dont ever try to make me aware of anything, its not going to work, its not my job to be educated or taught or otherwise find out information
i lost my phone and its like quitting cigarettes cold turkey if a pack of cigarettes cost hundreds of dollars and you had to sign a contract
I'm Mike F
girl: a bird shit on my head today it was gross<br />me: shhhhhh it's OK sweetie... birds can be so awful... I would never shit on your head tho.
girl: i stepped on a rotted plank on a bridge, trapping my leg between 2 other boards<br />me: girl, i would never trap your leg between 2 boards
sometimes I realize all at once how ragingly huge of a giant dumbass I am, and it just totally blows my tiny mind and stops me in my tracks
someone else: hey Mike can you tell me some really super basic info about what you just did or saw<br />me: uhhh fuck sorry dude. what's uh... no
game of thrones is fine or whatever but that guy George Martin is a pedophile and he jerks his gherkin while he writes. this is 100% certain
today my boss put a 1500lb pallet on my foot. it sucked cause i cant yell at him, had to be like "aaaaa can you please lift that thanks sir"
donald trump: i want to use shrewd economics to make our country great.<br />hillary clinton: (presses MISSILE button, shoulders AR15) im racist
im going to quit twitter in one week
while sanders was inventing the underground railroad, clinton was deep in the amazon doing gun moves from Rambo on indigenous populations
does anyone cool live in Seattle besides the president
doctors are the stupidest assholes in the world
sorry if this offends anyone but I think it's time that we have a rematch of the battle of pearl harbor
please vote for runza Rex in this poll, Mr pickle is guilty of war crimes https://t.co/J96xHmsQAq
doctor (stupid): can you wiggle your toes for me?<br />me (smart, worldly): (rolling my eyes, sighing) yes i can articulate my digits with ease
stealing should be decriminalized imo. and drunk driving
if someone is reaching for the same product as me, and i shoot them in the hand so that i can grab it instead, that should be decriminalized
I actually wicked don't like this. why did you think I would https://t.co/bexRM4OjTp
doctor: have you traveled in the last three months<br />me: motherfucker how do you think I got here? I don't live at the hospital bitch
check out my new knife collection https://t.co/iqtD5qkRvb
Celia...
going to college is for suckers. what you should do is go to a trade school and ruthlessly abuse your body, harming it irreparably every day
im going to work myself into such an early grave, and all my nerd friends at their computer jobs will be like "what are we still doing here"
im thinking about becoming one of those guys who youre not allowed to say insults too due to fear of them punching you or whatever
christmas morning, i bring my wife out to the driveway to see a trailer home with a bow and a note saying "we live here now, pack your shit"
baby boomer: i just made a thousand dollars from the stock market<br />millennial: i made one dollar at the store when they gave me moms change.
please send me a video of you calling your dog "Mike F" and seeing if it responds. if it does change its name to Mike F
(i joke about death for years) get over it, it is what it is<br />(im briefly confronted with my own physical infirmity) this isn't fucking funny
does anyone live in seattle who wants to get a beer with me in the next 7 days
may the sun be always in your eyes, and the road rise up to trip you. and may the wind also blow dust into your eyes, causing you to fuck up
ahh Mr Bond... ive been expecting you. (I lean back too far in my chair and windmill my arms to regain equilibrium) ahhh whoa holy shit dude
it's truly crazy to think of it, but some things in this wild world truly are greater than some of the parts
Im glad I never got good at computer stuff and remained stupid. wouldn't want to accidentally make any money
zookeeper: here you see the baby capuchins<br />me: I have a question. does the Ape want his mommy. is he a little baby bitch who needs his ma ma
(up on a ladder peering into a nest of freshly hatched birds) oh does the baby need his ma ma? do you need your mommy to barf food for you
get him! get him https://t.co/0KZdwQaEvZ
stabbing is a victimless crime, it should be decriminalized
who cares about whatever the thing is everyone cares about right now. don't answer me please I don't know what im saying. I'm hugely stupid
in my opinion, if you don't like something in the news, what you should do is look up where it is, go stop it, and never mention it to me
"oh man did you hear what trump said? he's such an asshole" OK fine dude why don't you just kill him already if you hate him so much
"do you know why I pulled you over?" no but gimme your gun dude (I start going for the gun, reaching out the window) cmon man let me see it
if I go to a therapist, do they automatically give me the sad guy pills or would they be able to figure out that I'm really just an asshole
is there anything more refreshing than a nice cold beer? yes. lemonade is more refreshing. so is water. beers barely even get you drunk
child at the zoo the other day: "we see a duck", "whats important is that we saw a duck", "it's good to see a duck"
it's good to see a duck
three days ago at dinner my friend ordered Beignets, and ever since, i cant stop saying "Beignet Sanders" and "Crullery Clinton" to myself
i reckon if i live every day under the assumption that its my last day, i'll be correct about it within like a week
dance like someones watching, never stop to smell flowers, don't be yourself, always stop learning
(taking the wrong exit on the highway) not all who wander are lost...
this was the last text message i sent before i crashed my car: "hold on dude i'll call you back later i gotta crash my car real quick"
grapes: stupid fruit, ill kill them<br />orange: "orange" you glad i rolled every orange into a gutter<br />banana: tastes like its "banana" trash can
man im fuckin stupid
the guy @neonwario is a laugh riot.
(watching penguins at the zoo) these gorillas are much smaller than the ones in the other exhibit... I don't care for them. vile water apes.
my father taught me that what kills you makes you stronger. he taught me this by shooting me in the dome, killing me.
I don't care who the president is it's fuckin fine either way I'm sure the job will get done whatever it is shut up about it holy shit bitch
one president candidate will do the job better than the other. unfortunately nobody knows what the job entails so its hard to tell which one
tonight is the night i finally go in on the haters and put them in their place. and also put a stop to them. and tonsure them.
look. im not the smartest guy. im what many doctors would call a "giant fuck head bitch". i havent learned a new fact in ten years. im reta
Peanut review:<br />texture: 10/10 - great texture no complaints<br />flavor: 10/10 - tastes great. im allergic and one nut makes me die<br />overall: 0/10
today I'm having a $40 steak for breakfast, a $50 steak for lunch, a $100 steak for dinner and a $101 steak for supper
cop: hows it going?<br />me: good. cool if i go for your gun?<br />cop: no dude i'd dome you instantly and legally<br />me: right on. im gonna do it though
some people say there's no such thing as a stupid question, but to this I say "does Michael Jordan make all the Jordans shoes by himself?"
I 👏 don't 👏 pay 👏 for 👏 goods 👏 or 👏 services 👏
I tip generously. however I do not pay the check. I don't believe that it's my job to do so. sorry. but I 👏 don't 👏 pay 👏
something I believe is that the CEO of the company Gerber is the baby in the logo and he never ages. and if you kill him you become the baby
great soothing ASMR video I stumbled across... makes my spine tingle... https://t.co/noNgbZHbP2
Therapeutic ASMR.... please watch if you're interested in a trippy experience https://t.co/UngoDZGacx
(mailman hands me this weeks grocery store flyer and leaves. i yell for him to come back) hey i'll have the eggs. do you have change for a 5
me in 2002: a tomato is actually a type of fruit<br />me in 2016: name one reason why a whole rotisserie chicken isnt a type of sauce
Oh shit you drank one of those? you're an alcoholic dude, those are non alcoholic beers. for non alcoholics only. they have alcohol in them
im very kind and sweet when im not trying to make people feel stupid or twist their words into an insult on them or threating to kill them
snakes, watch out youre on thin ice bitch. watch your back. which should take you a while since its like most of your fuckin body fool.
everyone in the website twitter plays their own special and unique role. take me for example. im "the funny one" of twitter. no one else is
i would like a millennial takeover of the hitman industry so i can just have an uber driver kill me for 20 bucks instead of paying thousands
please inform your server if you suffer from a peanut allergy, or we'll give you something to inform us of your peanut allergy about
my arm muscles are so big that i need both arms to lift one of my arms
I love my job, its my passion<br />[I have to  stay late]<br />hey that's fine I don't mind working..<br />[im injured on the job]<br />(calmly) still lovin it.
sadly i've made a huge fail. https://t.co/6woGyBkOQs
me at 7pm: everyone on this website is a bunch of fuckin bitches and clowns. fuck off<br />me at 8pm: sadly ive been made a target for bullying
"find a job doing what you love and you wont hate going to work"<br />weirdly, what i love is doing whatever i want at all times. thats not a job
therapist: what do you see<br />me: a rorschach test?<br />therapist: its a pussy<br />me: i guess it kinda looks like a pussy<br />therapist: dude youre crazy
i never used to have a boston accent but ive been faking it for so many years as a joke that i honestly kind of have one now
west coast:<br />- scenic<br />- great weather<br />- friendly locals<br />east coast:<br />- the guy at the sandwich store makes fun of how you want your sandwich
Despite claims that he headshotted 200 enemies, records reveal Chris Kyle never made one shot and was in fact shot in his own dome 200 times
honey i will always be there to provide for you. like if we receive a big bill in the mail i'll be there to sullenly chop wood in the yard
frankly one of the most revolutionary and courageous acts one can do in the year 2016 is to throw up before noon from drinking too much
my least favorite thing is being told to do the thing im about to do. for instance my coffee says SIP on it and it makes me want to chug it
doctor: did you have any questions?<br />me: yeah why you keep hitting my knee with that hammer dude<br />doctor: to check your ref-<br />me: shut up bitch
(doctor hits my knee with the reflex hammer and i accidentally kick him)<br />"ok fucker you want to play. now im gonna check your face reflexes"
(to the tune of Kryptonite by 3 doors down) poop tonight
my kryptonite is just stuff that superman is immune to; im not immune. speeding bullet, fall from a tall building, etc. they all make me die
2008: finally i can register to vote, im gonna get informed on politics<br />2016: i bet its possible to use a washing machine to make a smoothie
life is good shit and i love to be alive during it.
Sniper Chris Kyles claim that he killed George W Bush for not taking out Bin Laden fast enough was falsified when Bush was found alive in TX
you know how people like, buy multiple drinks at a bar or a restaurant, and then they have a car and stuff too? where do they get the money?
it's amazing, the Amish are able to raise an entire barn in a single day. I mean I can raise two barns in a day but their thing is cool too.
just saw a house painter fill up a dust mask with coleslaw and put it back on before going back to work. pretty smart idea... slaw on the go
my boss: can you stay til 7?<br />me: yeah dude no problem. by the way im really into the idea of being dead lately. id fucking love to just die.
im such a fuckin dumb asshole. i put my shoes on the wrong feet like half the time. i use a feed bag like a horse. please like and subscribe
coworker: so you want to help me with this after break<br />me: if i take my own life on break we wont have to do that<br />coworker: dude<br />me: hm what
(guy on jeopardy buzzes in with the wrong answer) thats right. (other guy comes in afterward with the real answer) nevermind that ones right
if you leave a little cup of uneaten coleslaw in front of a firehouse or a church, then the firemen or nuns are required by law to eat it
before one of my dumb shit followers @ replies me about it, the name of the law is "cole's law"
"cows actually have four stomachs" oh shit no way... so you're saying they can have four babies at once?
ive been really productive with my tweets this month which is a good indicator that my body and mind yearn for the sweet embrace of my grave
one thing that makes me a real blast to hang out with is that i dislike every form of game, be it video or board or sport.
hate it when im in the forest and i see one of those bugs that looks like a stick, and i put it in my mouth to eat it and its just a stick.
i rip my pants every day. cant tell when my shirt is on backwards. i dont know the difference between plants and rocks. please donate/share
as a treat for myself im going to show up an hour late to work today. then as a reward to myself for being so generous, i'll get drunk first
can i move into someones house for really cheap and make a lot of noise in the basement with power tools. thanks in advance.
3 year old child in a mistaken act of kindness feeds friendly ape a fresh banana. zoo officials used an army tank to annihilate the ape
a man at the zoo yelled into the lion exhibit, calling them homos. he was asked to leave and the lions were immediately shot with a bazooka
zoo officials today threw a handgun into the spider monkey enclosure before headshotting 8 of them. "they had a gun" remarked one zookeeper
doctors say it's healthy to have a large cup of beer or wine instead of every meal
two wall hangings I made when I was 10-12, a wolf and a caracal. this kind of stuff is how I started woodworking https://t.co/GWXvLvvE0R
wanna hang out? i hate every game and activity, i only listen to rap and country (not the good kind), and i only watch nasty horror movies
(kicking soldier repeatedly on the ass while hes walking down the street on veterans day) huh whats up bitch too bad its illegal to kill me
Incredible sign language trained ape learns the meaning of respect at the hands of two separate highly trained Howitzer operators
Lethal SWAT team makes quick work of gentle gibbon colony's fingerpainting class
zoos adorable spider monkey takes more peanuts than its due; sentenced to be used as the ball at local bowling alley
stupid baboon "Sandy Paws" learns humility when forced to  take on the world record holder for "deepest ravine"
don't it always seem to go, that you lock your kid in cars when it's hot, you shop for a price, he's dead in the parking lot
dead I am the one, locked in hot car son, waiting for my dad, gonna make him sad
veterans day: appreciate soldiers, say thanks while theyre alive<br />memorial day: secretly meet without the soldiers and admit war isnt good
dig through the ditches and burn through the witches and hot box my kids in my acura
may the sun be always in your eye and the road rise up drastically, and may it be raining too, and may god hit you with the palm of his hand
feeling defeated? down in the dumps? like nothing matters? why dont you try the candy from a plastic cell phone
blood pressure looks good. i recommend you drink a fuckin powerade and quit bein a bitch. give the lady at the desk $40 and never come back
typical millennial: ah ive donated 500 dollars to Bernie Sanders! im going to write a list of stuff i deserve<br />me: i use a lawnmower as a fan
millennial: i invented a big car that holds many people and has designated stops<br />baby boomer: my mattress is full of coins and i hit my wife
rare mountain gorilla gets fucking creamed by 5 ton enterprise rental truck operated by world's foremost gorilla conservationist
researcher absolutely tears ass through chimp enclosure in a jeep, hanging out the window shrieking and tearing them to shreds with an AR 15
world's most self aware bonobo introduced to the business end of a garbage truck while crowd of ape researchers gather around and spit on it
sweet trusting chimp with mostly human DNA gets the electric chair and a lethal injection at the same time, then the guillotine right after
vile hairy orangutan intentionally pinned between the two fastest cars in NASCAR reported to be first non human to shed tears of sadness
forward thinking zoo installs motion sensing turret system capable of fuckin murking filthy animals non stop even while the zoo is closed
military gifts zoo with extremely high powered assault rifle loaded with poison tipped exploding tracer rounds which seek out ape skulls
must see, one of a kind albino silverback flips off kindergarten class, gets fucking ruined by a large metal safe dropped onto its dome
im smart and I understand the world and my place in it and I know a lot of trivia but holy shit man im fuckin extremely dumb. I'm a shithead
introvert - someone who's kind of rude to others but it's not their fault due to  their extra smart and thoughtful and wise personality
i think of my mind like a car. its complicated, i dont fuckin understand it, i cant afford a mechanic, and i might crash and die as a result
dog owner: oh wow my dog is soo smart he knows just where i keep the food<br />dog: i bit my own dick earlier trying to lick turds off my ass
your children have never been in a cage at the zoo? must be nice being a perfect parent. oh you dont drive drunk? so youre a perfect driver
to those whose children have never come close to battling an ape: i guess you're perfect. i suppose you never left them in a hot car either
oh so youve never driven a U Haul into your childs daycare center? wow. must be nice never making any mistakes and being a perfect parent
2011: im trash i suck<br />2013: if this doesnt get 50 favs im trash<br />2015: if this tweet doesnt get 200 favs i suck<br />2016: fine i admit i suck ass
you: shall i major in physics or computer science?<br />me: I havent developed object permanence because someone pushed my soft spot in as a baby
cant stop thinking about apes being wasted with military tech. although the recent incident has exacerbated this its been going on for weeks
recent study reveals that gorillas LOVE bananas, lounging in a hammock, etc. but they HATE being smeared into the dirt by a Scud missile.
girls, watch for these red flags:<br />1. wears burlap pants<br />2. steals your mail<br />3. when he leaves you get an amber alert text describing his car
(friend hides my beer behind a menu and i cant figure out where it went) come on, fuck you dude... you KNOW I don't have object permanence.
its like I've been saying (I take an entire sealed bag of hot dogs out of a pot of boiling water and fling it on a plate) Trump is a buffoon
when you make a typo in a tweet and have to wait a while to tweet it again so it doesn't show up on the TL too close to the original one
80% of people suck complete ass and theyre stupid. 20% think theyre better than everyone else. be whichever, you suck either way, who cares
its honestly funny how all you motherfuckers are sad when you drop your own ice cream cone, but yet when i drop mine... utter silence. smh.
twitter sensation Gurt Bunklem discusses what particular mistakes he made that led to his twitter account being his most interesting trait
youve never plowed a U Haul 60 ft into the lobby of a marriott inn, killing a bellhop? guess youre a perfect driver who never makes mistakes
oh you never accidentally shoved your entire arm into a cuisinart? i guess youre just just perfect at making smoothies, must be nice.
oh you never took a dump in the sink? so you're just perfect and flawless at going to the bathroom and you never make a simple mistake.
not allowing your child into a gorilla cage = perfect parenting<br />piece of bologna on a ritz cracker = perfect sandwich<br />t shirt = perfect coat
gentle primate befriends local child, gets fucking chunked to shit by experimental nuclear buckshot fired from comically huge shotgun
zoos dumbass ape fucks up royally, pulls a complete fuckin bone head move and pays the ultimate price; shithead ape gets scoured from earth
https://t.co/b7GTjqOVOc
"ohh I don't like going to school, I hate the work and I feel bad" well dude the school didn't fuckin send for you it was entirely your call
"oh I hate my job it sucks" sure. your manager didn't fill out an application to work with you though, you kinda said you wanted to do it
paid BuzzFeed writer: here's 10 times when a funny post was harvested for profit that pissed us off
BuzzFeed writer (innocently): hey friends. as a friendly activity, tell me your funny anecdotes. coincidentally I have an article due soon
rules of being a man:<br />1. if its still tender the splinter is still in there<br />2. if your butt hole itches theres a little poop in the crack
guy: did you know you can actually eat the skin of a kiwi, or the green part of a strawberry?<br />me: yeah but... I usually don't... on purpose.
septuagenarian muhammad ali defeated in a rare no holds barred ladder match by top UFC fighters, who used a 12 foot ladder to lethal effect
brave activist: hey .@therealdonaldtrump democrats will NOT vote for you.<br />me: yes get him! drag him! get his ass!<br />trump: ahh shit i give up
im going to buy everyone in this bar a beer and im going to make mexico pay for it
conservatives: keep sex out of our elementary schools!<br />liberals: gay children should get all As<br />me: condiments are fine to use as baby food
me: hey @fucker dont tweet at me, i dont like you bitch, i will never follow you<br />twitter: (one second later) hey you should follow @fucker
officer you need to tell me if im being detained. I want my Miranda rights. I want my 4th commandment right to illegal soup and sandwich.
am I free to go. I'm free to be an attorney. am I being contained. I know my rights this is illegal seech and surgery
if you waterboard a cop he has to tell you if hes a cop
scientist: we must drill to earths core to tap into its immense power<br />govt: thats so sick... yes<br />teacher: we need books<br />govt: nice try bitch
my son brock was a total shit hog, i used to love buying a whole rotisserie chicken and watching him try to fuck it. i no longer respect him
our son brock used to always be such a horny little creep. he would fuck lots of stuff around the house, chairs, couches, etc. not anymore.
average guy: uhhh duhhhh me smart. me so smart. me big smart man.<br />me: O doo hoo hoo I'm so stupid, I'm not smart at all, I'm a total buffoon
its offensive how jews are portrayed in the media, and I'd like a list of all the jews on twitter so i can protect them from such harassment
celebs get a "check" symbol to verify their status; I think its only fair that we provide a signifying mark to other groups, such as jews,
80% of the time when someone says an inch, theyre either talking about a half an inch, or like 2 inches. when they say 100lbs its usually 70
boss: Mike what do you think?<br />me: (you can hear my tiny walnut brain rattling around as i try to think) costco stands for cost company.
my son brock always used to cook steak, an easy food to cook. then he fucking ate all my chips. plus hes a rapist. anyway i say hes innocent
guy: if we evolved from monkeys, why are monkeys still here?<br />me: (brain audibly popping and sizzling like hot bacon) monkeys are fake dude.
when you order 1 egg and 1 piece of toast and they make you repeat it 3 times before telling you that you're boring https://t.co/n8juwwVj8R
my brain is essentially two marbles rolling around and occasionally they collide, causing me to have a thought. the thought is usually "buh"
boss: Mike you're the furniture guy, what caused this bench to break<br />me: (educatedly) probably a big fat guy sat on it and the wood broke.
"Mike can you make this? I'd do it if I had a lathe" <br />(nasally) I'd do it if I had a lathe... you're such a bitch dude. I mean yeah hire me.
I don't know what I want in a general sense but I can list specifics all day. for starters 20 bucks would really hit the spot. maybe even 50
i love paid-by-the-word journalists "man sentenced to 1 year in prison. the year will consist of 12 months, during which he will be in jail"
this week on wife swap, one man swaps his wife out for an enraged silverback gorilla
next on storage wars, these contestants get more than they bargained for when they find a storage unit filled with live, aggressive gorillas
tonight on an all new keeping up with the Kardashians, Khloe brings an uninvited guest to dinner... a large and angry silverback gorilla
the secret ingredient for this weeks iron chef, which must be featured in each dish.... is the meat of the rare endangered mountain gorilla
this week on The Bachelor, these potentially lucky ladies compete for the attention of a huge, angry and wild silverback gorilla
im definitely either very smart or very stupid, theres no middle ground. im assuming its the latter but im not that smart so who knows
when i was ~6, i fully fucked up my parents VCR, took parts out of it, etc. when asked if i did it, i wisely said "i didnt see myself do it"
no witness no crime proof is in the pudding and it looks like the pudding isnt here to testify cause someone ate it all. whats up now bitch.
NEVER leave a hot dog in a cold car
in the parking lot today i saw a baby in a car. it was 98 degrees out. i of course opened the door and threw a large aggressive dog in there
If you have any questions for me that you'd like answered, feel free to ask them. ask them to your mama cause i dont care. not my problem.
what people dont realize (i reach into my pocket and haul out a big gob of coleslaw) about the political pundits (i pick out some lint) is t
I like trees https://t.co/RKyo9ExOrY
man falls through thin mesh net into butterfly enclosure, fortunately zoo staff were able to shoot down every single butterfly with a bb gun
"duhh, we should feed cows with grass instead of corn?" OK. have you ever considered that grass sucks shit as a food and corn is pretty good
basically my ideology is everything is OK to joke about unless i become grumpy one day and get mad. then you have to wait til Im not around
Any way you want it<br />I'm the guy from Journey<br />anyway I gotta go
no don't throw your napkin on the ground in the woods, you might accidentally clean up some of the filth that's all over the place
WATCH: John Oliver panders to and soothes sanctimonious know-it-alls with his trademark brand of pablum, smoothly ignoring life's complexity
a tweet saying "i denounce racism" does the same amount of good as one saying "i support racism" you can just stop any time itll be fine.
normal guy: trump with his ego is becoming the new Kanye<br />me: dont worry about shit its got nothing to do with you, i just want to fuckin die
pop music is awful; it saddens me and makes me feel very smart for listening to abrasive guitar shit. ive never experienced loss in my life
things ive gotten from pouring all my free time into twitter:<br />1. interviewed by buzzfeed, the website which i hate<br />2. sold some bowls<br />3. hmm
imagine if you will, a haircut involving a medium sized salad bowl. but the salad in this instance... is your very dome
come on dog just give me some money. you have so much i have none. i spend my money all the time just give me a little bit you can afford it
me after pearl harbor: if no one had boats you couldnt bomb them<br />after the bombing of nagasaki and hiroshima: every person should own a nuke
(i notice ants in my kitchen, so i go outside and start kicking the first anthill i see and get my foot stuck in it) fuck! fuck you! idiots!
yeah big deal... me too... and i did it WITHOUT selling out to the major labels. https://t.co/7aqBJRZfO7
ants literally never shut up about the queen. "this food is for the queen" "we all want to fuck the queen" its like, yeah i know. i get it.
ant: whos your biggest celebrity crush? mine's the queen<br />ant 2: yeah id have to say the queen for me too<br />ant 3: dude the queen whips ass.
those who live in normal houses should throw rocks around when inside the house... it cant break so theres no problem... go ahead and do it.
id love to be dead. dont touch my stuff after im dead it isnt yours. you suck and im cool. ill haunt you if you write bitch on my gravestone
https://t.co/Ck5BJSHfXa
OK Mr judgy, Mr fuckin perfect parenting. like you never put your kid on a leash and cracked it like a whip swinging him around in the air
average guy: fuck boys keep hating on me even though im low key chill af.<br />me: ahh yes, my vocabulary is quite uh... myriad and uhh... urbane
9th grade teacher grading a paper: this kid knows the word myriad not bad. and here it is again. ok he reaallly fuckin knows the word myriad
I predict that it will be 2016 forever.
I have another prediction which I have made: the weather right now will be how the weather is forever.
if you tell me your birthday and your address and a valid credit card number, I will buy you a birthday gift
me listening to the song Turn the Page by Bob Seger: sounds like life is really tough for you Bob Seger you big bitch. shut the fuck up dude
it should be legal to shoot me with a gun, there should be an open bar at my work, my weed guy should take credit cards, and do not @ me.
never @ me. kill me with a gun. mail me a $20 bill. buy me items from my amazon wishlist, let me know if you need the link. cut my hands off
I've decided at this point to begin receiving horny DMs
im not scared of alligators. they seem like a bitch to me. if one tried to attack me id just step over him. youre like 8 inches tall bitch
gator: grr im gonna get you Mike<br />me: ok stand up first. oh youre standing at your full height and youre one foot tall. shut the fuck up dude
crocodile: im coming after you motherfucker<br />me: whats the top speed on your shitty little body there. like a half a mile an hour? fuck off
the main difference between crocodiles and alligators, is that crocodiles are dumbasses and clowns and alligators are fools and huge bitches
baby geniuses 3: adult geniuses who still wear diapers for some reason
Paul just because you wear diapers that doesn't mean you're a genius
actually, Pavlov's monster is the name of the dog
me in 2005: i am on the path to higher education<br />me in 2016: my brain is the size of one pea and it sometimes falls out through my ear canal
what people dont get about the electoral process is t(my tiny pea brain falls out of my skull and rolls across the floor) shit hold on a sec
peanut coolatta
i should go into work but my brain, which is literally half of one peanut, and which bounces around in my dome, is on fire with dumb tweets
zoo employs troop of insane hollering teen infantry to ride multiple M1 Abrams tanks through lemur enclosure, shooting them with the tanks
I'm Mike
I'm the ultimate shit head. Im a mondo shit stain retard bitch. cant fuckin wait to be dead. sorry about the bad content, its not my problem
funny. people getting mad because some white child decided hes entitled to enter the path of my nunchuks and get domed by my powerful swing
local white 2 year old displays extreme sense of entitlement as i throw his tiny ass into a wind tunnel full of cut up glass and sheet metal
tiny, unbelievably stupid 2 yr old torn from his dumb marshmallow cereal to be shot dead in the street for trying to chill with a zoo animal
"its a pleasure to meet you"<br />no jackass. the pleasure belongs to me. i hold exclusive dominion over all of the pleasure in this situation.
have my tweets gotten worse over time?
chimp scampi
Oh Im supposed to get all worked up and cry like a baby cause some 2 year old white man felt entitled to enter my dojo during murder hour?
(visiting holocaust museum) hmm. ok so im supposed to be sad because some basic white men couldnt follow simple instructions
Local White Man, aged 2 yrs in total, decides he is fit to ignore posted signs and crawl his way into my expensive sausage extruding machine
2 year old white man makes 3 demands: his mama, his bottle and to not be made a meal of by a hungry beast. but we dont negotiate with babies
is there a way to make it so that my tl doesnt show me stuff other people have liked
thats my name, dont use it. this is my jacket, dont wear it when you get hit by the door, which you shouldnt do, in the ass on your way out
im the guy who pretends he doesnt like donald trump but i read and talk about it soo much that it seems like i secretly want to kiss him
https://t.co/muzvCZ4X7O
if you make guns illegal, there will be an epidemic of people killing soldiers and cops to get their guns
let me take you to dinner; my treat. no, i wont be ordering. you see i can afford but one treat this evening and youre taking mine. fuck you
hello everyone. im Mike and drinking booze and liquor whips ass. i mean im an alcoholic. drinking makes you cooler. which is bad apparently,
"water purified by reverse osmosis" oh so just because it's for white people it's "reverse" osmosis.
Im not mad. I have been in the past but not recently. everything in my life is my fault and my problem and I wont blame my neighbor. Im fine
(coworker gets fired for sexual harassment and threatens to shoot up the place)<br />everyone: oh im scared<br />me: I hope he kisses me then kills me
how'd it going? fuck. fuck! I meant "how's it going". Jesus christ I'm such a pile of shit. what did i do to deserve this bullshit. fuck me
the harassment and bullying to which I'm subjected online is the worst curse of my life, other than the real curse on me that makes me die
dumbass: uh guhh.. 2016 is worse than other years for some reason. shit somehow sucks more ass than usual<br />me: its my cars fault that im late
one of my coworkers today said 'jews conspire at the synagogue'. another dude thought he said "cinnabon". not synagogue, and was like "yeah"
Mike F fell into the zoo's aviary today, but luckily an off duty executioner domed him with a hollow tip before he could even hit the ground
ok the recipe says to add a bottle of beer to the chili (i throw a sealed bottle of rolling rock into the pot and it splashes on me) ah fuck
only 1,000 bucks a month and plus i live and sleep in the bathroom? sold https://t.co/hsujxctJNM
nazi who im about to stab: what are you gonna do, stab me?<br />me: yes... im stabbing you bitch... huh bitch... im getting you... nap time jew..
The Haunting (1963) https://t.co/mnQSUkv9Hs
https://t.co/6aejvF79HH
so all the British decided to leave England huh? hope they don't plan on coming here... no quartering soldiers bitch... bill of rights fool
do i deserve attention from those around me?
(i tell a guy hes the best) nice, made that guy feel good<br />(i tell another guy) hopefully he doesnt meet the first guy.<br />(i do it again) hmmm.
https://t.co/CfrU8dOqqK
the secret to true self actualization and peace and contentment is astoundingly simple. please DM for help if you cant get it on your own.
me when i see a yield sign or a speed bump or a traffic cone or a "no loitering" sign https://t.co/V8ZtQb1JSs
just got news that the government is going to place my hands in the street and drive a steam roller over them, making them flat, like paper
my followers, who I hate, are a gaggle of pea brained simians who should buy me a 2016 sedan instead of just smelling like shit all the time
regarding my last tweet where I said my followers stink ass and owe me a car: I have nothing but boundless love for you and you smell nice
its the remix to ignition<br />a kid fell into ape prison<br />zoo staff firing chain guns<br />got every ape in submission
its actually quite simple. you see, the system itself is patently fl- (someone drops a plate and i get spooked and kick the trash can over)
much like how a horse is spooked by a firecracker, if you hand me a sparkler at a BBQ i will flip out and shove someones dad into the grill
excuse me waiter. this steak is too hot, the salad is yucky to me, I got pepper up my nose, I ordered piss as a drink and I dropped my fork
music to my ass
often when people say the phrase "music to my ears" they emphasize the word "ears" but like... what other sensory organ would music be for?
excuse waiter. excuse me. this water is too wet. ive accidentally stabbed my arm with the fork. the salt went into my eye. can i have $20
boss: why are you late again mike<br />me: where most people have a brain suspended in spinal fluid, i have a peeled potato in unflavored gelatin
a couple weeks ago at lunch, my coworker covered a paper plate in shredded mozzarella, microwaved it, twirled it onto a fork, and ate it
i can see it in my mind and it haunts me. it chills me to the bone. he couldnt even eat it all. it was like a cud. he spit it in the trash
well, I had to go to the ER after I caught pneumonia from laying across a puddle to let a woman cross the street. https://t.co/xpuzJkkT2F
I'd say the most important skill in life is to be a shit stinking cantankerous dumbass who is constantly complaining about stuff that he did
one good strategy in life is to basically act like a completely dimwitted shit lord and to always have toilet paper stuck to your shoe
think of the stupidest action you can imagine. try to think of something more stupid to do than anything in the world. i just did it twice.
Zoos prized gorilla couple give birth after 4 arduous years. luckily the newborn gorilla was no scope head shotted by a trained zoologist
hello... hows it going. im Mike
me in 2004: its fucked up that itunes tries to police the music i paid for<br />me in 2016: i should be able to get my car inspected by itunes
may the wind be always up your ass, and may the road rise up in a "loop de loop" pattern that you cant traverse without incredible momentum
the issue of weed legalization is much like gay marriage. hell I'll try it if they make it legal.
im a mondo shit headed dullard, I fall out of my bed every night, I use spackle as toothpaste and I'm addicted to getting lethal injected
me: trained myself to get to work on time using a simple treat-based reward system <br />you: wears a belt with your pajamas
you: brexit will surely affect the european economy<br />me: its obvious that Kangaroo Jack is the president of Australia. it is as clear as day.
expert conservationist jumps in the air and spins a full 360 before headshotting an extremely intelligent capuchin, without use of the scope
yes of course i know what the national bird is. its like the british version of the first lady right
i suffer from a mild form of SIDS, asshole. i have colic, and i use baby formula as coffee cream. (taps head) i got a soft spot on my skull.
(burning the bacon) its better crispy anyway (getting shell in my eggs) i like em crunchy style (dropping the toast) i prefer when its dirty
the nicest compliment i ever received was when my coworker said to me "mikey you're good at talking shit on people"
so the guy who works at the zoo jacking off all the different animals for samples or whatever... does he jack it at home or is it too weird
shit that rules whips ass
no offense but it sounds like those stakes are wicked low https://t.co/hWu70TZ8LM
kick me in the dick for salt and pepper https://t.co/kLlS76rOHX
the zoo's gorilla was killed justifiably / the milkman, the paperboy, evening TV
I love to receive from my peers the same gentle, yet constant, pervading disrespect which is afforded to a trump supporter calling in to NPR
NPR: whats it like at the trump rally. everyone is stupid right<br />Trump Fan: well, theyre just people. regular people<br />NPR: stupid though right
sick of hearing the world doesn't owe me anything and I don't "deserve" stuff. I deserve death, the world owes it to me and I will have it.
1. verbal warning - I shout "hey, watch it"<br />2. written warning - note that says "watch it pal"<br />3. probation - you better really watch it now
i think everyone can agree, the world was good and normal when you specifically were a child and its gotten objectively worse since then
USA is bad because bad shit happens in it all the time every day. but its like 50 countries and theres one guy in charge so what do you want
(looking up from newspaper) what, this? its an easy fix pal. make the president a child. give the kid 20 bucks. bada bing bada boom. done
fuck off corporations, dont advertise your crap to me. you think the fact that it looks actually pretty good makes me want to buy it? i mean
NASA mission: tube flies through space, literally nothing, not even air just space<br />cool mission: firing a missile into the hole of a volcano
movie trailers should be a little longer, and reveal the whole plot of the movie, and they should just play them for 2 hrs instead of movies
dexter hollands opus
what most people fail to understand about the general election as opposed to the primaries, is the fact that I Just Shited on ya Doo Doo Ass
me in 2010: i could be rich if i wanted to, it just doesnt interest me<br />me now: i bet i could break a wine glass if i squoze it hard enough..
Frankenstein is the monsters last name. his name is actually Gord
the year is halfway over and so far Ive kept my resolutions to not have hobbies and to smell like even more shit a larger amount of the time
Im Mike F. im a complete full on dumbass who knows less than shit and i deserve at least like 8 lethal injections. im the worlds dumbest ass
i deserve to be murdered an incredible amount of times
friend: (grimacing) mmm Mike this chili is good. what's the recipe<br />me: its pretty much half hot sauce and half kibbles and bits. plus salt.
once you become a dad, you develop a lot of weird theories about air movement and heat that result in being against any attempt to cool down
the fact that you would ask me, a person with extreme mental stupidness, to pay an extra one dollar for guacamole, is frankly absurdly cruel
oh so you're going to make me park in the non handicapped spot, even though i clearly have the mental illness of being a complete jerk off
dude try my famous "one bean chili". theres one bean in the whole thing. heres the catch though: most servings dont have the bean in them.
four bean salad is pretty exciting because it has four times the amount of bean types usually found in a single dish
at 9:00, it seems like it will never be 5:00. but by the time 4:30 rolls around, the possibility of it being 5:00 seems more and more likely
i love horror movies with all my heart, even the bad ones, but please dont make ones where its:<br />1. The Exorcism of a persons name<br />2. zombies
Certain people prefer their food to be "spicy". This information was first revealed in the scandalous 1950s documentary "Some Like It Hot"
Hey Mike I'd like your input on this.<br />"actually I think you mean you want my output."<br />actually nevermind dumbass.
a nacho is essentially just an intensely personal pizza. do not @ me. no reply no @, no DM, no responses please, no direct M and no reply
in the academic world, graduates traditionally don a "mortar board". this is their way of mocking bricklayers, who are thought of as stupid.
with a simple modification, the air tank of a deep sea diver, instead of being filled with air (boring), could be full of a creamy cole slaw
sorry for my mood lately, I've been going through a lot of stuff. I turned stupid, my boss killed me, and I just shited on my doo doo ass.
Hey, excuse me, where can i find the restroom?<br />"its right over there sir"<br />oh thanks<br />"youre so fucking stupid dude"
i keep my phone on mute because i dont need to be reminded to pick it up. however i need an alarm on my shirt to make sure it isnt backwards
at least 10 percent of Americas tax dollars should be given to me in the form of cash dollar bills. please like and share. like and share.
theres a sign here that says Fresh Egg Sandwiches, but there's no other information and it's not near any buildings. https://t.co/Z9mBujO9qf
im a full on dumb shit head and i know like six things. four of them are incorrect. i put on a button down shirt backwards 40% of the time.
yeah its fucked up
2008: no corn syrup, only pure cane sugar<br />2018: the key spice in this stew is "Spring" scented febreze
I may not be tall or handsome but at least I'm short and stupid
you know those little air freshener gel ball things. those are some of the worst candy in the world
if you can name 5 jokes from the original ghostbusters movie that are funny, youre wrong about probably 2 of them imo.
coworker: (drinking Welch's Strawberry Breeze straight out of the tetra pak)<br />me: wow dude you love that strawberry breeze huh<br />coworker: huhh
if you want to add a hint of lovely fall flavor to your apple pie, try spraying it liberally with a can of Glade "Autumn Mist" before baking
oh that guy. the 20s dude who painted squares or whatever. he kinda sucks<br />"he was hugely influential"<br />sorry i meant i love shit that sucks
I'm sort of a "jack off all trades"
wait dude did you say "I'm eating this snack stick" or did you say "I'm eating this snack's dick" https://t.co/eusJPAKY5n
some days you need to just be a completely lazy jerk off and get nothing done. then sometimes you need to do that every other day as well.
to anyone out there who is writing a bunch of tweets taking down a guy you hate: yeah. get him. you're getting him. drag his ass. you got em
1. light blue gatorade<br />1a. blue powerade<br />2. red gatorade <br />3. blue gatorade
to err is shitty. to not err kicks ass
marvel as the majestic noble butterfly emerges from the cocoon woven by the lowly caterpillar. vile sniveling worm. we are glad it is dead.
this election is just two horrible assholes who I don't want to be president. not like uh... the other one... with um... uhh... the cool guy
I don't know what this means but it sounds horrific and depraved https://t.co/OVJt2gkTz6
im pretty smart for a guy who knows no information and drops shit on himself constantly. plus i tie my shoe laces together every morning
me: i breathed 10 million gallons of fumes from paint and i was dropped off to work in a short bus<br />my boss: mike, go park my nine lexuses
desired wage: idk whatever you got<br />strengths: im very affordable<br />weaknesses: do you seriously want to open up that can of worms motherfucker
me: heres 100 bucks. it was not easy for me to get<br />political campaign: thanks dude we're gonna buy like 30 coffees. hope they make us win
only way people can decide to get extra cheese on their pizza is by convincing themselves standard pizzas have less https://t.co/Xgz6bNDG8Y
you like interesting facts? heres one for you: facts aren't interesting
whats the best way to get a huge amount of money for free
tip for making money in the stock market: ask the guy at the market what he recommends. he probably knows whats good, he works there.
although it shouldn't be illegal to run me over with a 2017 corvette, it should be illegal to NOT run me over with one.
I'd prefer not to be killed, but at the same time I'd prefer not to be afforded eternal life. I just don't think its really in my wheelhouse
i hope that god, or at the very least the devil, follows me on twitter
check out this new phrase i thought of inventing recently: "Safety First"
im a big advocate of not letting your employer exploit you. but ive been hospitalized twice doing what my boss told me to so what do i know
my vote has been suppressed by the fact that i didnt sign up to vote, and i dont have a ride there, and i dont know what the president does
top reasons i have been made a victim of voter suppression:<br />- i dont know the difference between the president and a senator<br />- im a criminal
i want to work at a recording studio and just say stuff to all the bands like "wow guys this doesnt suck", "real not shitty stuff here guys"
Crazy that Donald Trumps middle name is Ronald. Crazy that not a lot of people know that even though its true.
is it legal to  kill someone before they're president? it's only legal once they're actually president correct?
Hey welcome to my stand-up show. you guys like jokes? you boys like jokes? OK. right on. I'll uh.... I like em too. you like uh... comedy?
why should I be in the secret service? well for starters if someone tried to hurt the president Id kill them. I'd be like goosh, pksh, blaow
mnnhuuuhh ghfguuhhhghhhh,hhh,,,.. hnhuhhhhhgghhhhuhh buhhhhhhh..
i see you putting a lot of sugar in your cup there. are you gonna perhaps include some coffee in addition to it? or is there already coffee
you can tuna piano but you can't pee nut butter
#firstsevenjobs <br />mcdonalds<br />dick sucking factory foreman<br />sperm bank teller<br />sperm bank vault<br />pepper spray taster<br />jerk store<br />toilet kisser
if you want something thats made of water and is really cold, you cant beat a nice piece of ice.
got drunk with my dad last night and he did a napkin scrawl schematic of a delay loop https://t.co/mH0Ky5nfTV
no dude its fine that you cant lift it. theres nothing to be ashamed of. lots of people are babies its not just you. many infants are weak
if you're in some kind of a group dm situation, and im not in it, its both rude and illegal not to add me to it. thanks and your welcome.
what we need to do to get back on track is start using more gold coins. (takes huge rip of tobacco from a bong) that'll get us uh... going
Copyright not intended. I dont own this song. sorry for uploading it to youtube. im so fucking sorry. im shit compared to interscope records
every single performance by every single actor or actress who has ever been in a film, is better than Jared Leto in any of his films
the joker is kind of a fucked up idea for a villain in that he thinks that stuff that isnt funny, like darkness, or being twisted, is funny.
you: i got this original Monet at a yard sale for 1 dollar<br />me: i got a jar containing lethal mold that im gonna store my weed in. i paid $78
excuse me waiter i dipped my sandwich in my wine and it was no good i want another sandwich and a different kind of wine
Im honestly just sitting laughing my ass off at how bored I am. I feel bad for you actually. plus I didnt see your insults cause I cant read
today my coworker was replenishing his electrolytes by licking salt from a packet and chasing it with water. just a deeply off-putting man
why are you mad? (i try to cross my feet on the ottoman but i kick the first foot off with the second one and fall off my chair) im chillin.
life is like a big public swimming pool where its like 90% piss but theres a rule where if you want to get out of the pool you're an asshole
I make furniture for a living<br />"cool, do you have a website? or some pictures?"<br />no fuck you. youve seen chairs before. do you want one or not
people warned me to be careful not to let my cuts get infected. but it turns out it doesnt matter if they do that. it just gets a little red
how come when people are interviewed about how they came up with their tweets, its already really easy to tell how they came up with them
insane that its just now coming to light that bob marley was killed by being run over by his 3 sons Iggy Ziggy and Biggy in 3 separate cars
do not question me, do NOT answer me, do not impel me to do or say anything and under no circumstances declare to me a fact or opinion
home depot guy: this saw has a 2 horse motor which is plenty,<br />me: under no circumstance would i trust 2 horses to cut shit for me
i should have become a punk and lived in a big house full of rude dirty people. i should never have second guessed myself on that one.
Hey is that Will Smith?<br />"who?"<br />you know, Will Smith. the guy from The Pursuit of Happyness.<br />"Hmm"<br />and Focus.<br />"Ohhhh" https://t.co/FAaoRi9IjX
"oh no the guy who played r2 d2 will be missed!"<br />i mean a little bit but its only gonna be when you see one of these https://t.co/rW7JNE4A4t
here's a fourth option.... don't tell me the fuck what to God damn do bitch https://t.co/9Wq5mwAUpM
dumbass: Im engaged in a story, Im getting lost in the rich world crafted by the author<br />me, smart: im reading a novel. time to turn the page
if i win the lottery the first thing ill do is pay to demolish the homes of my loved ones, then i will bribe banks to increase their debt
oh thank you sir i quite certainly dont quite mind if i had do. (i swirl my chalice VERY hard getting a good amount of the drink in my eyes)
drunk driving is not safe. we can all agree. its a risky behavior. but so is playing the lottery. and hey who doesnt want to win the lottery
I hate when I get gas at a place that has bad gasoline. gas that just sucks shit https://t.co/vWXCe6dSZp
you ever pee so much that you have to flush halfway through cause the toilet is full? yeah me neither. yeah that would be fucked up I agree.
rules for dating me:<br />I have my foot stuck in a bucket 100% of the time <br />I need to be burped six times daily<br />I eat bananas with the peel on
they call it a chef's salad, but imo it should be called a Mike's salad when Im having it.
going viral is absolutely worth paying the ultimate price of my life and those of my loved ones
hire my friend Celia to kill your enemies or whatever https://t.co/hoHIylLXo2
this guys decor is fuckin... pretty cool https://t.co/2QoF9iCoY7
(in the twisted voice of the Joker from batman) Shit that sucks whips ass
bees essentially enjoy two main activities. fucking the queen and making honey. that's their shit.
idk if i have depression or not. i havent been to a psychiatrist. but it seems like theyre givin it to pretty much anyone so uh, probably
when you throw up and theres a lot of red involved but you didnt eat anything red that day but youre not about to start shit over some barf
my tweets are 70% jokes that suck, 20% jokes that i subconsciously stole from an old movie and 10% warning signs for an impending suicide
this thing used to say "I believe in the power of young people" before me and the boys got at it https://t.co/bch6Jll1qt
guy from that david cronenberg movie Crash where theyre sexually into car crashes: hey baby... you want to... Crash at my place later?
BK stands for Bonkey Kong. BK Bonkey Kong
i see a sign saying wendys has chicken sandwiches and i drop an anchor out my driver side window, stopping instantly, causing a huge pile up
Einstein failed every class in school. later, he developed theories which were instantly proven incorrect by quantum physics. he was so dumb
when Einstein got every question wrong on every test they thought he was stupid. however, he later went on to make two wicked wrong theories
is there a type of loan where theres no date that you have to pay it by and no interest? plus the dollar amount should be ideally very high.
https://t.co/B8R7VOBlAj
https://t.co/HEjvolCYF1
(i scroll a guys twitter for like 20 minutes and i dont like one tweet)<br />twitter: hey dude you forgot to follow that guy. try following him
i saw bernie sanders at the mall today, he was buying 14 rolexes. he hit me on the knee cap with his ivory ramshead cane and spit on my shoe
held the door for bernie sanders today and he said "i already have a guy who does that for me. get your mitts off the door you scummy fuck"
yeah hi. hello. thanks for picking up the phone bitch. go catch your refrigerator you fuck. its running around and you gotta chase it
why buy the corn when you can get the cob for free
Check It Out: What the Famous Guy Said When You Werent Around and Six HOT ways you can pretend to feel about it
"Eau de Toilette" is a French phrase which translates to "Oh, the toilet"
(sitting in shallow water at the beach smoking a six foot bong completely conspicuously) hey dude you gonna be done with that frisbee soon?
its important to get your shit together at an early age, so that when you get older, you have a big cohesive pile of shit
I feel like I need to take a break from ruining my life to find the exact extent to which ive ruined it so far
(said in the same way one might say "i dont like to toot my own horn") im not one to shit on my own doo doo ass, but
what the fuck does hollow poder mean https://t.co/6UWdGQjytr
you're welcome for holding the revolving door for you even though you didnt say thanks, bitch.
good will hunting voice: Hey! You like eggs? (i press a picture of an egg to the window) Well how about egg salad do you like that?
https://t.co/ylUK358oea
Trump: I could beat any liberal at a bong rip contest<br />PR : wait.<br />Trump: Im faster than a Jew on Ramadan<br />PR: (gestures like "absolutely not")
dirt is composed chiefly of bugs dicks. the average human eats about 7 Oz of dirt in their lifetime, which is about 90 thousand spider dicks
Yanky Candle
if someone accuses you of trying to be cool, theres a good chance that youre cool and they noticed it
US guy ordering breakfast: ill have 2 eggs, 2 pieces of bacon and 2 pieces of toast<br />British guy: ill have a tomato, a sausage and 350 beans
dont call me out for being wrong earlier or contradicting myself. most of all do NOT ask me to repeat myself, cause I don't know what I said
it would be really great if people in life would stop recommending the most popular TV shows in the world to me like Im not aware of them
its funny how bottle return machines say you have to clean the bottle first, yet no one has ever cleaned a bottle once in their entire life.
lmfao https://t.co/bj3EeXAyzi
my life is the stupidest turd on bitch planet. its such a dumb pile of shit. my stupid life that i created for myself is a horrible burden
* less than ever<br />* less importantly<br />* these questions and hopefully less https://t.co/Rtn7lwIQs9
as an art critic, you basically learn a thousand different words for what normal people call "artsy", and no one knows what you mean really
im going to join a fantasy football league at a local bar and call it "fancy football" every time and see if i get kicked out of it
you gotta always know your exits babe. (i point out the exits like a flight attendant and knock a full tray of food out of our waiters hand)
today my boss took me aside and said "Mike you're a comedy powerhouse. im doubling your pay". I'm just kidding, he thinks of me as a child
in the lyrics of his hot new single, G Eazy announces his intentions to have sex with Cait Jenner. don't @ me please https://t.co/8QJuyPQZYh
"hey mike can you come in to work today? we're really shorthanded"<br />sorry ive had like 10 drinks and im watching a movie<br />"its 10 AM"<br />yeah, uh
check out this crazy wall I'm building at work https://t.co/FJfU6sfmdw
many people assume that just because I have a bad attitude and I often stink horribly, that I don't think a lot of stupid shit. but yet I do
allen ginsberg: i saw the best minds of my generation wallow in filth, acting like dumb assholes<br />me: those might not have been the best ones
check out this cool bar and sculpture I built at work https://t.co/0pao6sTwuo
after a heated argument i stand up and angrily flip the table over, but the table leg nearest me hits me hard in the nuts and im knocked out
I accidentally throw a frisbee at my mothers priceless ming vase. the frisbee bounces off the vase and hits my nuts taking me out completely
can't decide whether to smoke the purple, or the classic green weed https://t.co/mtfXfIGCMG
pasta should be seen, not heard
(guy turns on TV) nice, the idiot box.<br />(someone uses a computer) great. the moron device<br />(guy makes toast) ah, the shithead's retard machine
instead of calling it foosball, they should call it dudesball cause of all the little dudes on the board. or foodsball if they serve food
crouching tiger shitty dragon
arachnophobia - fear of spiders (tiny, no dicks), totally ok<br />homophobia - scared of gay dudes (1 mil x bigger than a spider), not ok somehow
what should I have for lunch?
niccolo machiavelli, philosophys most notorious "bad boy", was known for his revolutionary idea that being rude and doing evil shit are good
wild berry is a popular flavor consisting of a blend of berries grown domestically on farms under strictly, exclusively non-wild conditions
me: i like watching shitty stupid movies<br />friend: that sounds fun ill join you<br />(20 minutes pass)<br />friend: this sucks lets watch something else
want to feel old? check THIS out:<br /><br />most people dont want that at all. you should talk to someone about your weird feelings regarding old age
Taran Quantino
I don't know man there's not a lot of room in there https://t.co/BIs731lGrd
Dyson introduces new waterless AirBlade Bidet
ad for toilet paper: "have you ever taken a big sloppy poopy and you need to wipe the shit off of your doo doo ass? yeah? poop butt ass."
guy from 2003: i use a toilet, and toilet paper. then i eat a Creme Savers<br />me: ever heard of a shop vac, a dyson airblade and sourdough M&amp;Ms
Ingredients:<br />Fresh basil<br />3 cloves Fresh garlic<br />Nasty Basil<br />2 cloves of garlic that went bad like a month ago<br />1 Fresh pepper<br />2 Stinky peppers
me: hey whats up, you cooking?<br />programmer: no im doing a foodhack. im hacking my meal.<br />me: right on what is that chili<br />programmer: pfffft...
therapist: today we're going to try cooking<br />millennial: NO! I dont WANNA! i HATE it!<br />therapist: i mean food hacks<br />millennial: (warily) ok...
if you got a problem, then just simply gobble em. not sure if this is good advice or not, i mostly just thought of it because it rhymes.
The Witch Who Came From the Sea (1976) https://t.co/pUGwruDKFl
for just a few dollars a day, the price of a cup of coffee, you could buy me a cup of coffee every single day
https://t.co/gepjPZ0miY
and here they are today https://t.co/jgvuGnNaD0
im going to go to an opulent manor in italy, fall in love with a voluptuous woman, get murdered brutally by her sex cult, and then come home
facts about italians:<br />-they all live in a mansion or castle<br />-great at making tomato sauce<br />-cursed<br />-childhood trauma<br />-deranged serial killers
guy at work recommending me a TV show: i usually dont like tv shows but its actually really good<br />me: you love tv shows please dont lie to me
Your Vice is a Locked Room and Only I Have the Key (1971) https://t.co/XD8R16TPbI
i feel like me getting real into the cinematography in schlock horror is to film students what hot dogs and beans is to a professional chef
everyone: i wont step there theres a turd<br />scientist: (observes turd for a month) i discovered the principle of not stepping in a fuckin turd
every car is a sports car if you play around in it
seriously laughing my ass off at stupid people who think the candidate that i like is bad... its actually the other one. its making me laugh
one option for president is the good guy. the other choice is the bad guy. roughly 50% of people are good, 50% are evil, so its a close one
Interesting new perspective on the cult classic, The Blair Witch Project:<br /><br />The Plair Bitch Woject
if I had a gun with 3 bullets, and I was in a  bunker with Hitler, Anders Breivik and the BTK killer, I would kill myself 3 times.
"trump is evil... listen to his speeches, theyre full of lies"<br />dude listen to me talk for 6 minutes, ill lie more than trump does in an hour
I don't want to end up being just some loser who works at a bank... I'm gonna fuckin, uh (thinks for a long time) Im gonna work at two banks
getting really knowledgable about politics and living in the real world is basically like becoming an expert baker and working at entenmanns
id like to listen to the all best music albums of all time. please tell me your favorite one and ill go from there. or like your top 3 to 5.
Hog Dylan - Pud on the Tracks
(i see a man with severe lung cancer smoking medical weed, he coughs and hacks painfully)<br />haha hell yeah brother! coughing gets you higher.
The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave (1971) https://t.co/l2aw1goROH
https://t.co/c6m1PITy5h
for my final meal i request a cake with the jail keys in it, a cup of chocolate milk with a hundred dollars in it, and a 2004 toyota camry
me: show me all your horror movies<br />netflix: you want the featured, recent or suggested ones<br />me: all please<br />netflix: these 6 are very popular
(smugly, completely unaware that I'm saying the phrase wrong) well well well.... monkey three monkey two
just biting my time and til someone is brave enough to attempt to match whips with me...
if you think computer games are bad, wait til you try board games. its similar but it looks even stupider and you have to set it up yourself
national parks should have wifi in the rocks and animals etc. like a raccoon should have wifi. the yellowstone geysers should shoot out wifi
oh dude grab that raccoon if you can, it has wifi. see if you can stuff it in your backpack. you can get like 40 bucks for that in the city
often you will hear a racist shit head say something like "the world is complicated" or "i dont know". this is a weak excuse for being evil.
rules for being my room mate<br />- NO spicy food<br />- no rap music<br />- my only hobby is playing with a monkey doll that bangs 2 tiny cymbals together
my boss: man I got messed up last night... shit I must have had 10 drinks. I had a hangover this morning <br />me: I had 9 drinks and 2 hangovers
hey ladies. earlier I tried to buy a huge bucket of marbles and I spilled the whole thing and I slipped on every single marble. DMs are open
hillary clinton: im going to manually extract the skull from every american adult<br />trump: dude that whips ass<br />clinton: mmm unghh fuck yeah...
the wicked important fuckin election currently hinges on determining which candidate can manage to get a sack of beans thrown through a hole
its honestly pretty convenient for me that after years of being a huge stupid lazy sack of shit, i still manage to be right about everything
i dont give a fuck about giving a shit. its like what ever. to me anyway its like that, i realize many people care. its just... i dont.
when the presidents term ends, it's traditional for them to pardon every murderer, and launch all the nukes at once with random trajectories
i like when people talk about the president having launch codes like they can just text NUKE or accidentally lean on a button to launch em
pundit: would you trust an inexperienced man with nukes?<br />obama: did you say NUKES<br />computer: PRESIDENT SAID NUKES. LAUNCH ALL NUCLEAR DEVICES
Seance host: Spirits of the dead... i besqueech thee give us a sign<br />spirit: i see you have leftover pizza... give me a slice dude... cmon...
Stayed all summer went back home<br />Macaulay Culkin was in Home Alone<br />Fell deep in love but now we aint speakin<br />Michael J Fox was Alex P Keaton
at work today we made a medieval dungeon and they had me carve graffiti into the benches. this prisoner was a Viking https://t.co/UHFg6TTvVf
loser nerds like to sit around getting drunk and playing video games. not me. i do meth and play hopscotch
president: both sides have valid ideas, and we need to work together<br />democrat: the president is a traitor<br />republican: the president is a fag
my life is a reverse American History X, where instead of learning to be non-racist by doing laundry at work, i became insanely more racist
John Lennon owned slaves.
strange but true fact: at least 2 of the currently deceased members of The Beatles were wildly prolific slave owners
sorry, I can't come in to work today... plus I don't want to, bitch
oh uh, sorry boss I can't come in to work today, I forgot how to tie my shoes and I broke my uh... ass bone... and I have Dutch elm disease
every once in a while i remember that ryan phillippe follows me, and that we are essentially best friends
hell hath no beer
Guy: I'll pay for my coffee and the guy behind me<br />Me: hi thanks can I get a large coffee with 85 espresso shots
Typical racist Hollywood horse shit... I'm watching the fall of the house of usher and they got a white dude playing Usher
The Fall of the House of Usher (1960) https://t.co/US6fB16Kuy
Wait Until Dark (1967) https://t.co/3Q6cb4P0kE
Doctor: Hey hows it going. Alright let's see. It says here on your chart "get I get fuckin Zika". Has that continued to be a problem for you
Pit and the Pendulum (1961) https://t.co/40CC1erJJL
neighbor: can i have a cup of sugar?<br />me: yeah i dont give a fuck. give me a cookie when youre done. oh you want MY sugar? no, fuck off dude
to the makers of multi grain bread: one grain is plenty. it actually tastes great with as little as one grain at a time. settle down dudes.
The best ancient grain is a tie between ancient wheat and ancient corn
if you think you're smarter than me just because you know everything that i know, plus a lot of other information that i dont know then, uh,
if you come to boston, you gotta try the "bean town treat". a thick, unsweetened pastry shell, stuffed with boiling hot salt water
Vinyan (2008) https://t.co/Hs2DYcwLwH
Hey stupid ass... remember a year and a half ago when you said I'm not cool? I'm cool, fucker https://t.co/8qrhBCMDQP
"girls look bad with makeup" ok pal... theyre not wearing it for you... theyre doing it for me. looks great ladies keep up the good work.
me when the guy at the parking garage booth asks me for 17 dollars<br />https://t.co/iOH1LaM0b0
god, people are so stupid, its like (i tell a long anecdote where every single person besides me is normal and i behave incredibly stupidly)
online journal entry number 13,208: tortillas honestly completely suck shit as a food. dont @ me about it they can seriously just fuck off
this is the gayest shit i ever saw. no offense https://t.co/7vxiAw1L8z
s t n https://t.co/XTbetJBJjk
I wish people would stop trying to prove that Clinton is good... like, you don't have to, she's gonna win. Settle down. I'm sure she's great
Method acting is when youre rude during the filming process. you're a genius for acting like a bitch. Get drunk too. you're special you fuck
Ass McShit
you check the back of my car and see a bumper sticker saying "Autism Rocks" you look in the window and im rocking back and forth and yelling
Ass McShit 2
instead of everyone getting a vote, they should have it so one smart guy picks the president. and he chooses himself and he gets a death ray
It's a slow week at work https://t.co/XgW0mskj2Z
teen: im crying<br />drug dealer: this white genius is kicking our asses<br />malcolm in the middle sr: (squinting) im the guy who knocks around here.
in the 1960s, it essentially stopped being the 50s; a fact noted by the titan of lyricism bob dylan who said "the times they are a changin"
how many roads must a man walk down<br />and how many shoes does he wear<br />how many guys are in the vietnam war<br />how much is milk at the store
in a shocking turn, the 2016 nobel prize for sandwiches goes to a ritz bit
Nobel peace prize awarded to a pellet gun for "creating new ballistic expressions in the american peacetime tradition"
if a waiter has received more in tips than i have in my wallet, the waiter should be required to tip me. waiter or waitress i mean obviously
The Shiver of the Vampires (1971) https://t.co/qyfvPGkett
if your companys logo is the initials of the company, but the letters are like combined into one shape... guess what... thats really clever.
there should be a gameshow called Crash Cab, where you get in the cab then the driver locks the doors and gets in a huge accident on purpose
congrats to nobel prize winners:<br />bob dylan - literature<br />guy who crashed a train - peace<br />ken kesey - chemistry<br />cherry tomato - biggest tomato
all due respect to bob dylan, tambourine man is a jam, but a lot of good books came out since the last time bob dylan made a good song
Me: I'm voting trump. he says he'll make America great<br />Liberal: no, you see, that's a misdirection, th-<br />Me: (coyly) is there a Mrs ection?
If you have a podcast, invite me to be on it. if you run a restaurant give me a meal. if you have a chair let me sit in it. if you got 20 bu
america for spacious guys<br />for 50 waves of grain<br />for magic mountain majesty<br />who lives on drury lane
I'm Mike
america, america<br />god shed some states on thee
i'll always have a soft spot for punks, theyre pure and sweet and i love them https://t.co/jTszr5ZpWf
For sale. Baby shoes. Never worn. They were too small for me. I'm an adult man. I wear a size 10 and these are in baby size. I fucked up. $9
articles on introverts imply they're special for spending all their time and resources on themselves. Like me too I just feel bad about it
do you take this man to have and to hold, for better or worse, to shit on his doo doo ass, poo butt ass, shiddy tiddy, in sickness and healt
Angela ThemefromTaxi
Sub sandwich is short for submersible sandwich
hey im going to Hot Topic anyone need anything
Maslows hierarchy of weed
Watch what happens when the world's top leading physicists compete head to head to see who can swallow a tennis ball the fastest
We need to get a new guy in office. Then fill him full of tennis balls. Shoot em in there. I dont know politics but thats what I want to see
"we need bees to pollinate plants" sounds like its plants fault on that one. like youre a grown man figure out how to pollinate your shit.
"im a plant i need to get pollen over there to survive but im just gonna put in roots right here, hopefully a bee rectifies my stupid plan"
flowers apparently need bees to carry their sex powder around and theyre just now telling us, after bees have been stinging my ass for years
i've killed bees ever since they chose to sting me. im supposed to stop cause theyre nice to plants? fuck air ill die before im nice to bees
i see a hot girl get on the subway and i immediately get up from my seat, and put one foot up on the back of the seat and light a cigarette
heres my impression of a tree: oh shit i grew too tall im gonna fall over and die. oh plus i need bees to carry my weird jizz powder around
tree: im gonna absorb all the water i can, til i cant get the water up me anymore, then ill fall over and die<br />other tree: yeah thats smart
Love to tap, hate to die https://t.co/o0QZW9okIm
if youre any good at art you make it sad &amp; alone, you release it quietly, if anyone likes it you call them a fag and you kill yourself at 29
George Washington was known for cutting dudes trees down and just being like "yeah, I cut it. Say something bitch. I'm the fuckin president"
Excuse me, George, Mr. President, did you cut down my tr- "yeah dude, what's good. I ain't no bitch  dude. I'll cut it again. What's up."
Shit that's epic whips ass
Just got a new wallet. Looks nice, good quality, but I'm not sure about the assfeel. Needs to be broken in I think
The Red Queen Kills Seven Times (1972) https://t.co/sWTaT2dutC
its better to take shots, than to shake tots.
Thirst (1979) https://t.co/8nojDgZ7V2
Which is it
According to recent polls nearly half my followers killed a girl in 1996. This is deeply shameful to me and I dont know what im doing wrong.
i think these look nice https://t.co/UGSDIzON5V
https://t.co/OPQMSFHLOM
doctor: has there been any blood in your stool<br />me: yeah dude a shit load<br />doctor: whoa... that rocks. thats sick as shit my man<br />me: yeah dude
when one plane hit the tower, no one thought it would be 9/11. but by the time the second one hit... there was no doubt in our national mind
You could say I'm something of a Film Buff. I watch 2 movies every day. Rush Hour and Rush Hour 2
Yeah I've been doing this challenge recently where you read one book every week, maybe you've heard of it. It's called the bible. Its by God
oh youre not a fan of the bible? maybe youd prefer some of Gods earlier work.... like the motha fuckin planet? ever heard of it?
i see a bumper sticker about breast cancer awareness and i rear end the guy because im distracted cause i just found out about breast cancer
AMAZING interview reveals what actor Jude Law had to go through to play a baby in an upcoming film "i had to get very small" says jude
Defamed and disgraced, the famous football team The Redskins have changed their offensive name. Theyre now called the Washington Black Guys
Would it kill you to follow my friend @Rappin4Safety . cmon. hes dying hes got cancer. just follow him asshole.
After being shamed for their insulting and offensive team name, the Cleveland Indians changed their name to The Smart Cleveland Sexy Indians
Hello yes for my appetizer I'd like the Squid in its own Ink. And as the main course I'll have Turkey in its own piss
Muhhh. Uh gwuehhh. mnnneehhh,
Beer before liquor, but oatmeal is thicker
i see the Sell By date on my milk jug is soon; i get nervous and start texting all my friends like "hey dude do you need any milk?"
Finally my new bobblehead came in the mail. Black Justin Bieber https://t.co/qML17x3VJu
hold up where do you think youre going. this is a citizens arrest. stay put man cmon. gimme your weed im doing a citizens search and seizure
one of the little rebellious things i do as a kind of a "fuck you" to the government, is i perpetrate the crime of 9/11.
If you go for a police officers gun and you successfully take it from him, he has to tell you if he's a cop
Mafia guy: ah you a cop. Youse gotta tell me if youse is a cop.<br />Donnie Brasco: oh fuck oh fuck shit shit shit shit
(Cops are investigating the murder scene, taking DNA etc. I open the dictionary to "murder") hey guys. you might want to take a look at this
Just saw an ad for vodka that was like "you know those nights... when it becomes day?" Implying that I should drink vodka every single night
Check out this stuff I worked on at work today https://t.co/e4O9mdX7pO
The Legend of Bigger Vince
<br />Respond if yur not scared
(i lean against the wall in a really uncomfortable way and rest my foot on something thats way too high) did someone call for a tough guy?
i cant stop laughing about the idea of casually resting your foot on something thats too tall for it like the back of a chair or a table top
(i sit down in an arm chair and rest my arms on the chair back and my legs on the armrests) ahhh yeah. who ordered the tough guy?
instead of having a candy dish, which makes you seem like a baby, just have a simple classy bowl of dollar bills for people to take.
drive thru guy: the guy ahead of you paid for your order<br />me: word, sick. ill take the biggest coffee you got and do you do cash back here
im voting for my wife for president ha ha ha
Sometimes i think about my best friend Ryan Phillippe @RyanPhillippe and how much we hang out and respect each other... and it blows my mind
(i see a hot babe pull into a parking spot and i put my foot up on her car's hood) hey wh- (i put my foot under the tire) ow fuck you bitch
I walk into the room and try to rest my foot at about shoulder height on the door frame and I lose my balance and fall over onto my ass
I see a 2x4 laid across a pair of sawhorses and I try to rest my foot on the end of it, causing it to pivot rapidly up and hit me in my face
Does anyone know what the president does for a living?
"not my president" stuff reminds me of when I was 14 and I said bush wasn't my president. Later I learned that he actually was my president
its not hard to make a good political system. 14 parties. 50 presidents at once. 20 year terms. you have to let cops suck you off. no courts
30 yr old who just last night tried jacking it for the first time talking to coworkers at the water cooler: any of you guys ever jack off?
I pick up the big jug to refill the water cooler but everyones watching me and i get too nervous to flip it so i just start sipping from it
https://t.co/OwXwazH2y0
(i walk up to the bar and put my foot all the way up on the bartop) hey... can i get a large Hot Toddy.
if no one told you donald trump was president and they just played a loop of obama on the tv like in oceans 11 no one would even notice
Menage a trois is French for "the three managers"
Dos Equis is Spanish for Two Equis
(standing at the front of the bus) you uh... drive the bus? (i rest my foot on the door opener thing and fall forward and out of the bus)
Art house movie: any movie that isnt based on a previous movie or a book or a superhero. generally considered to be gay
i rest my foot on the lower water fountain as i drink from the higher up one
Welcome to Mrs. Fields... I heard you wanted a Tough Cookie (i put my foot up on the register; the drawer opens into my nuts, taking me out)
when im given a burger that doesnt look like the picture in the ad, and i pay, we normalize the burger. and it makes me fear for our nation
(I start to google "How to ste-" then i get a devilish grin on my face and open an incognito window and google "how to steal a street sign")
you don't think I'm smart? I have an IQ of 69. Im a member of MRSA. in fact im the boss of them. I was awarded the McDonalds Retard Grant
pretty scary news... trumps latest nominations for the whitehouse cabinet... are Dracula and the Wolfman! plus Hellraiser and and Jason X.
me in 2006: (trying to eat a piece of silly putty) donald who<br />me today: (still chewing the same piece of silly putty) wait whos donald trump
Oh so Im "a dumbass"? buddy I'll have you know im an receptionist of the Grant Arthur McGenius Foundation.
in the army when they say 0500 hours or whatever, that number refers to the total amount of time youve been in the army
SHOCKING: dash cam footage shows officer accidentally pistol whip a diet sunkist spilling it all over his mcchicken and then eat it anyway
the gun that prohibition era gangsters used was known as a Tummy Gun because the round clip is the guns tummy, and the bullets are the food.
Knives of the Avenger (1966) https://t.co/WaSkaWS9LK
The Cat and the Canary (1939) https://t.co/Ym6Qi2yhci
Big Boy and Andrew 3000
(i see a handsome guy whos popular) oh my god how is that guy me. thats me. (he does something funny) that is SO something i would do.
The outer layer of the earth is known as the crust. its approximately 100 miles thick. beneath that its just blood. a shit load of hot blood
Girls love a literate man! some tips that will drive her crazy:<br />- say a lot of stuff like "i can read. i know how to read"<br />- say your ABCs
Can't get this one down to 140... https://t.co/bI9l9mN6pN
(I see a guy whos sad about the election results and i kick his windshield) I dont give a shit hoot man (i spit) I voted for the fuckin cops
me: ive never seen scarface or Goodfellas but i cant imagine theyre that great (Gaydar indicator needle starts spinning around like crazy)
Having fun at the office https://t.co/dryogqXvWD
I'm Mikey Fossey. Mike F
watch out mucker fucker... im trained in Thai Cuando
a painting instructional video where i clean the paint rollers and brushes by sucking all the paint off them and it makes me barf
(you walk in the room and im just sitting really uncomfortably eating bad tasting food and laughing my ASS off at something thats not funny)
a lot of guys dont like to admit it, but jazz music like Coltrane or whatever technically fuckin huffs turds. embarrassing but true.
whenever i say "my worst enemy", just so you know, its the woman who kicked me out of a liquor store for smelling like weed when i turned 21
Livide (2011) https://t.co/GiOEcYk1hf
If you breathe in a whole tub of cool whip it gets you high
https://t.co/qFVEUWD7oG
hate it when i see dudes at the gym dropping weights and i have to take the kettle bell that im sucking on out of my mouth to say something
dropped your phone in the toilet? try this:<br />-put it in a bowl of pasta<br />-cook the pasta<br />-enjoy your toilet pasta you pervert<br />-get a new phone
Freddy Keurig
Freddy Kroger
is it still gay for two guys to have sex if there's a woman there supervising?
https://t.co/CXzDR8H4IX
(i walk up to the counter at subway) hey hows it goin? (i rest my foot on the sneeze guard thing and it slams shut on the guys hands) my bad
(i get up to the register at the convenience store and i "forgot" my wallet but i still eat a few pennies from the "take a penny" tray)
Doctor: how many drinks do you have per day?<br />Me: like eightee- sorry I mean uh... like a half a beer.... every uh... six months<br />Doctor: word
i love when a dude is balding in his 20s and it gives him the motivation to go in on an indistinguishable dude wth barely different opinions
look at these https://t.co/NzZGwQlV25
God is real, but unfortunately Abraham was a false prophet
In chicago theres a lot of wind, plus its shitty. That's why the town is famously nicknamed "the windy shitty"
How much does it cost to hire a skywriter to write "chemtrails" in the sky
Beyond the Door (1974) [this movie is cool i'll post another 4 or 8 screen shots of it later] https://t.co/GHQa2dReOR
most people watching the three stooges: wow these three guys are so smart they must be geniuses<br />me: these three dumbasses are complete fools
WATCH as this incredibly autistic man accurately eats an entire cheese pizza after only looking at it once
Hate it when i accidentally drink a small amount of a carbonated beverage and my body is unable to release the gas and i pop like a seagull.
Dunking Doughnuts
RIP Fidel Castro... I'll always remember you from like being in the moody blues or acting in a james bond movie or whatever. you were famous
Fidel Castro survived 638 assassination attempts. not bad. I survived 639 of them but its not like a big deal. its only one more than him.
stuart littles mom: i gave birth to a mouse? what are the odds?<br />doctor: you clearly shoved that up there<br />mom: guess i gotta dress it up lol
(im walking down the beach to join my friends carrying 650,000 tonnes of crude oil but i trip on a sea shell and spill all of it) shit! no!
oh nice right on time https://t.co/gjvkc3TEpU
my butt hole falls off when i get scared like a lizards tail
https://t.co/hxud6kGbvu
it would be funny if they did the recount and they got an equal number of votes and both candidates had to get married and be co-president
the quality is bad but so is my taste https://t.co/bFtyCD9Sm1
cool pickup lines:<br />- nice shoes can i try them on<br />- you like beer? i accidentally spilled one in your purse<br />- you dont remember me? fuck you
Death Walks on High Heels (1971) https://t.co/DuwstI7Pz1
Im the strongest man on twitter
Albert Einstein is German for "all but one stein"
being a satanist is like if you were really mad at your dad and so you started worshipping one of your cousins
tour de france is french for tour the france
top 3 horniest things you can say online:<br />- im gay<br />- ive never been horny<br />- im not horny
Frankfurter is short for Francis Further
I mail a rich dude my own cut off finger with a ransom note saying "this first one is free... the rest will cost you 1 million each."
Women: dont pee on the seat and the floor, its not difficult<br />Men: by the time i see the bathroom door ive already been pissing for 3 seconds
Check out the big fake candy im making at work https://t.co/WVGNsAFKmg
Also look at these candy colored faux topiaries https://t.co/UVeLxxCeON
John "Hates Jerkin off" Kellogg was famous for hating the feeling of nutting. He would famously craft awful shit cereal whilst never cumming
I made another one https://t.co/oJ4yaVXhGk
You cant make an omelet without making a few eggs
The Maruchan Candidate
which one do i watch
https://t.co/4Jzr681pLO
Instead of saying i have a doctor's appointment, im gonna start saying "I've been appointed to the doctor"
MRI stands for Mike Resonance Imaging
Milk Dudes
Belly Beans
Macaulay Caulking
Techfest at Briffany's
sure fred, lets all just subtweet each other
I want food made with ingredients i can pronounce. Oh one more thing bitch... im wicked shitty at pronouncing stuff. I cant pronounce apple.
guy: your face look like shrek 2<br />me: (popcorn kernel brain sizzles and eventually pops as i try to think of a comeback and i fall over dead)
Milk Dudes https://t.co/3oXd8LSNiY
anyone want to have me on your big popular podcast? i'll be funny on it. cmon man. share the wealth man. let me on that fucker. cmon dawg.
I pissed off my boss the other day cause he told me to get a mister bottle to spray some water and i asked if there was a mrs bottle
interviewer: i understand youre a rap afficionado, who are your favorite rappers<br />celebrity: biggie... tupac<br />me: wow he really knows his shit
Crop top goose down jacket cut off right below the nipple... doesn't keep you warm, but it keeps you hot.
I am https://t.co/pTZYWMniH2
Vote for mr. Pickle cmon. Hes clearly way better
yesterday at work i told one my coworkers that Fettucine Alfredo is italian for Pasta Chicken Alfred and they were like "whoa really?"
Doctor: you have a cute upper respiratory infection<br />Me: aww, thank you so much sweetie<br />Doctor: fuck you<br />Me: mwah kissy kissy. U are my wife
Rick Moranis: Honey... I shrunk the kids<br />Diane: Are you sure you didnt make everything else bigger except the kids<br />Rick: No i<br />Diane: Dumbass
Time is money, so if you never accept a job, you have 24 hours of money per day, which is the maximum amount, so youre the richest man alive
lol https://t.co/xRVpiXMp0Y
California Pizza Bathroom
Im helping an old lady cross a street when i get a call offering a free home security system. i roll her into the gutter and grab my phone
Just heard the phrase "handicapped parking lot"... where are you shopping dude? the fuckin.... wheelchair store?
How to get people to think youre cool at work <br />1. On your first day theyll ask you if youre cool. Say something like "yes" or "yeah im cool"
May the wind be always in your face <br />And the sun as well<br />And may it always be raining when youre outside but it stops as soon as you go in
Val Kilmer is short for Valbert Kilmer
Me: what size is this sheet of plywood <br />Home depot guy: 4 feet tall, 8 feet wide.<br />Me: (really quiet) your mom's 4 feet tall and 8 feet wide
I'm like rain man except if you dropped 4 match sticks on the floor I'd stare intently for a full minute and then tell you there's 3
RIP alan thicke. died while playing catch with his son kirk cameron, who beaned him fuckin wicked hard in the dome killing him in one shot
friend: Mike im having a BBQ tomorrow id love it if you could make it<br />me: Cook your own food dumbass. can i come though.
i used to be forrest gump retarded where its like "cool nobel prize, dumbass" but now im more sling blade style like "i fuckin love fries"
This is my "sci fi" vision for the future https://t.co/vxp3uCP9wy
Today at work I got to see some set pieces from Zoom, a show I used to watch https://t.co/HdxooNf6As
Want to feel sad? Bitch? The fuckin uh... the cats from aristocats are dead. Plus the lion King he's dead as well. Sorry that's just reality
The Beastie Boys were an influential rap group who brought many new things to the table. For example no one had thought of being bad rappers
When i was a boy we were raised to have integrity and wisdom. Now kids are all about just "hitting dabs", "the 1s and 2s" and "scoring poon"
Spiderman except his only power is that his dick is a spiders dick and it can spin a web that's the same size as a normal spiderweb
If you put a nose and antlers on your car to make it look like a deer, it should be legal for me to hunt your car with a rifle
Shark Tank Redemption
Winona Rider is only famous because her dad is Knight Rider
There should be a movie where Santa Claus kills Tim Allen and he has to become him and Christmas is canceled cause there's no Santa anymore
I heard that the people who made feminist Ghostbusters are making a feminist air bud movie where the whole team is dogs
at this time of year, it's important to look at those of us who have less, and give what we can. cmon dawg lemme get one gift you got three
Want to lose 10 lbs in a hurry? Just follow one simple trick:<br />1. take a 10lb shit. i dont know man im not a doctor what do you want from me
you: left your kid in a hot car while shopping for groceries<br />me: left my kid in a hot air balloon while marrying the governor's daughter
dont vote for the president who youd have a beer with, pick the one that can drink 18 high lifes and get his arm stuck in a vending machine
Wow can't believe the bassist from chumbawumba is dead. It absolutely cannot be overstated how much of an influence he had on all our lives
1. Tomatoes are a vegetable<br />2. if the name includes "berry" its a berry<br />3. Night of the comet is a better christmas movie than die hard
imagine how much youd have been laughed at 4 days ago if you were like "wow this george michael song is truly breathtaking... what a talent"
https://t.co/26O3liuVHV
Assassin's Creed movie is great. Loved the 10 minute scene of him running into a wagon and trying to jump on it but its slightly too high
my favorite part of the assassins creed movie was when the guy does side quests for like 52 hours before getting head shotted by one guard
coworker: Hey did you see the pats game last night?<br />me: oh uh... yeah man. the pats fuckin whip sack.<br />coworker: what did you just say dude
basic electrical terms<br />volt - power<br />watt - short for "watt amount of volts do i use"<br />current - now<br />amp- short for "amp i using enough volts"
racist conservative gets absolutely EVISCERATED by grain thresher
comedian with twin desert eagles absolutely DESTROYS heckler
Ove Glove is short for Oven Gloven
there's been a category 3 rip in the pants-underpants continuum
One incredible childrens movie that always brings tears to my mind... such a powerful film... The Stupid Little Toaster
I cant believe we lost Keith Emerson, Greg Lake and Arnold Palmer this year... Such a classic trio... Great band. You'll be missed.
Lynyrd skynyrd: I'm as free as a bird (realizes birds are not free) and it's not in a cage and it can fly and plus its liquid metal like T2
Teenage comedian Dan Nainan speaks to The New Yorker to tell fellow teens that drugs aren't cool and listening to your parents "whips ass"
Classic Pool Hall Hustle: challenge him to a game, play poorly. when he takes out his money to buy a beer, grab it and run into the bathroom
guy wearing a diaper in times square: happy new year<br />me (pissing into a sewer grate): Thanks (gesturing at the big ball) is that time square
Disrespecting soldiers, shootings, burning flags, shop lifting, spitting, killing yourself and stuff like that are all really cool
Child comedy prodigy Dan Nainan is killing with his new comedy special "Parents Have a Lot of Good Points Actually"
what day does the week begin
Soulja boy out there getting money an you go to college to study gay porn bitch
relative: great punch mike, whats in it?<br />me: pee pee. the secret ingredient is poo. also grapefruit juice<br />relative: no one respects you dude
Vamp (1986) https://t.co/bWirdumlG3
https://t.co/ZDpqF9pCMA
aint nothing illegal about getting in trouble... thats why they call it legal trouble
Me: I like this rap song<br />Pandora: you like drake<br />Me: I like this 70s folk song<br />Pandora: you like everything from the 70s, heres a disco song
It's crazy that people pay to be trapped in a room. Like I'd pay a couple bucks NOT to be trapped in there but luckily it's already free
(I rest my foot on a woman's purse as she's walking down the street) hey how's it going
Dog Refuses to Calm Down Despite Being Stabbed in the Head and Shot with Four Different Kinds of Guns https://t.co/FuDzO2sCRT
Ive tried everything to get my dog to behave. Ive tried shoving it into a wool tube, stabbing it in the neck and head, etc. nothing works.
my new year's resolution is to get a second cell phone and use both of them at once while im driving
(picking up the phone next to the toilet which has its own phoneline) How did you get this number. Never call me on my toilet phone
don't text and drive. it can distract you from tweeting on your second cell phone while youre driving
(biggie voice) i love it when you call me big papá
BBW stands for Big Bad Wolf, the term originated from the classic fairy tale The Three Little Pigs Vs. The BBW
love scotch... it tastes like being at a roaring campfire, and taking big nasty huffs of smoke and you throw a hundred dollar bill in there
cop: can I search your car<br />me: no dude can I search yours?<br />cop: no<br />me: cmon dog. you have to let me it's the law (I start going for his gun)
you gotta be aware of your surroundings. know your exits. (i go to point at the exits like a flight attendant and knock over my beer) shit!
game show host: ok Mike. one of these is just a regular clock... the other is a bomb. you have to guess whi-<br />me: its that one. with the fuse
if you cant take the beef get out of the chicken
(i crack an egg; it falls under the pan) i prefer a firm yolk (i accidentally drop my phone in the toilet) phones make us communicate less
(I get an amber alert for a missing child) OK its my time to shine (I get in my car and back out without looking and instantly hit the kid)
twitter needs to end harassment. except when i tell a janitor from Racistville, MN to kill himself. in that case they should kill the guy
well well well... it seems that the hunter has become the hot dog
back before cell phones everyone would bring walkie talkies into the theater to talk to their friends
I want to make one of those hot knife videos where I spend like a full minute heating up the knife then immediately touch it and yell "fuck"
how to drive safely in ice and snow: first off: jam on the gas and try to catch as much air as possible, to minimize contact with the snow
Please help if you can, share and donate https://t.co/9XupLmcJyc
ah shit sorry, i can't come in to work today... i have autism
Viy (1967) https://t.co/hFrvhCknGW
https://t.co/LC9MekehhS
texting my friend at 8pm: hey you want to see a movie at 7:30<br />texting again at 8:01: ok i guess not. guess you never respected me after all.
Get Woke. Turn Up. Break Eggs. Fuck off. Return Gifts. Scratch tickets. Get retarded. Set me up Fucky. Whip chunks bitch. Jim Jones - Ballin
one time my coworker forgot the word for saw horse and he was like "we need to get a couple fuckin... what are they called.. seahorses."
liberal: heres a picture of a rock... sorry to any conservative babies who I pissed off<br />conservative: nice rock. sorry to any triggered libs
what's a snake's favorite drink to order at the bar
I'm doing fine this is not a cry for help fuck off
barbed wire is short for Barbara-ed Wire
it'd be cool if my followers bought me a jetpack and as soon as i put it on it flips me upside down and blasts me into the dirt killing me
on the sixth day god saw that adam was lonely, and he took one of his ribs, and said "there you go hot shot, you can suck your own dick now"
if someone says they took a baby sized poo is it
this company bullhorn  had a sales kickoff for 2017 lmao https://t.co/BuMLyElHMZ
it would be funny to name your kid Mermis and raise him to be really stupid on purpose
Hello
spaghettios should change their slogan from "uh oh spaghettio" to "Augh Fuck! spaghettios"
it's genuinely cool that Richard Spencer got punched. but it would have been 10x better if the guy accidentally punched macklemore instead
give me liberty or give me 20 dollars or give me death
baby boomer: (hits joint) maybe everyone... is God<br />millennial: (hits bong made of a mason jar, spilling water everywhere) FUCK! this is gay
Absolutely Not
po boy is short for potato boyfriend
picture of my little brother resting his foot too high up https://t.co/YPsQqxSi07
Jimi Hendrix originally wrote the song as "Foxy Baby" but his manager made him change it. the rest of the lyrics are the same
Dude you gotta watch La La Land, its an absolute ball tearer
four neat pictures https://t.co/xPIZLVHn1m
Rock &amp; Roll is short for Rocky 2 and Bulkie Roll
I love to be a huge fat obviously stupid guy and describe myself as exceptionally smart
give me free money please. I would like money at no cost. please. I'm dying here. just like a little bit. cmon
me: nice car. i couldn't afford that<br />guy: (jokingly) neither could I<br />me: (dead serious) how did you get it. can you get me one come on dude
https://t.co/VCdYmzjq9R
you know that song thats like "jeepies creepies where'd you get those pee pees?"
it's been a good day for me https://t.co/xTbTYHNlsl
today my coworkers waterboarded each other cause they wanted to know what it feels like
Don't is short for donut
I'm gonna munch out with my lunch out
amazing... listen with headphones. this video really makes you feel like you're getting your hair cut https://t.co/JWdV7voIrO
john wick 2 is cool. basically every single person in new york is an assassin, and they pay for everything with big chuck e cheese tokens
john wick: I need to dispose of a body<br />bellhop: ok that costs one big gold coin<br />john wick: and id like a beer as well<br />bellhop: also one coin
reverse assisted suicide is when you help a sick dude kill a doctor
russian mob boss: they call him baba yaga... its russian for the boogeyman<br />guy: ok...<br />mob boss: its john wick<br />guy: oh yeah ive heard of him
im making a vision board and all thats on it is huge pictures of a banana, a hot dog, a gun, and a hammer
that one old folk song thats like "she'll be riding six white horses when she comes" is fucking disgusting
Bed Bath &amp; Beyond is short for Bedroom, Bathroom and Beyoncé
Lenny bruce: you can kick your dog. you can kick your wife. but ya cant kick your dogs wife<br />judge: shut up dude<br />comedians: no let him finish
baby bird, just born, came out of the egg no more than 10 minutes ago: ugh yeah  cmon spit in my mouth
Hello
hi I'm TOOO https://t.co/n1dHyAm0p6
boss: hey<br />(I whip my head around knocking my ice cream out of the cone with my chin, I leg sweep myself and fall ass first in a mop bucket)
(putting my foot up on the bar) hey girl. are you using that cocktail napkin cause i just ate a urinal cake and i have extreme diarrhea
Mike F
really fuckin up the shit out of my hand this week. I shot it with a nail gun and stabbed it with an x-acto. tomorrow I hope to cut it off
AMAZING collapsible coffee table can turn into a flat box, in case you want a flat box (??) and you want to put your coffee on the floor (?)
famous ben franklin quotes:<br />- "a penny i see is a penny for me"<br />- "early to bed and early to rise makes a mans penis increase in size"
the guy who first complained about capn crunch hurting your mouth: youre a big bitch<br />everyone who still does it: youre 6x as much of a bitch
The Longest Yard 2: The Shortest Yard - the NFL's top team squares up against 11 death row inmates, who are executed after the third quarter
I'm making fancy table legs at work https://t.co/KlDzLoDUgs
on this great women's day, I'd like to say your welcome for my mom, my grandmother and the Triangle shirtwaist fire, all of which I invented
this is how we keep the tools organized at my work https://t.co/qKsV2wVSq5
lmao https://t.co/NDGB83lAJc
this dude got one upped so fuckin bad its insane https://t.co/icu9KOFu8u
(i take a huge decorative plate off the wall at a hotel and load it up with all the continental breakfast items) wow this is an amazing deal
lunch was cool in the 70s, but nowadays im more into post-lunch, which is a similar meal but it takes way longer and it doesnt taste as good
this is rude, first of all https://t.co/DcnS5hae67
hot n ready wins the race
lmao imagining the cops searching a killers home and they find a corkboard with a pic of the killer, the victim, and a gun connected by yarn
Tom Hanks is short for Thomas the Hank Engine
im a sapiosexual. im horny for intelligence. do NOT touch my dick, just beat me at a game of trivial pursuit and ill shoot off in the toilet
ah yes... thank you https://t.co/ioQLbhkxDr
the military is changing their policy on homosexuality from "don't ask don't tell" to "don't sleep on it, don't trip"
hahahahahahahahahahaha https://t.co/hGclU2MG5T
I love my cute tiny utility knife https://t.co/40kucdibnW
pooping is a system for getting toxins out of your body. those weird buddhist foot pad cleansers basically make you poop out of your feet
to "shotgun" a beer, simply pour it into the barrel of a shot gun, and fire the brew into your mouth. this allows you to drink it instantly
Dad - N - Go Parking https://t.co/xC6lTdoOfw
my plan is, in a couple months Ill go to work not high, for like a week. and they'll think I suddenly got smarter. then I'll ask for a raise
Cat People (1982) https://t.co/qfX53SQvmc
dude stop throwing stuff at me... cut it out... dude come on... if you don't stop I'll shoot you https://t.co/asFK2JIf74
chekhov watching that scene in the matrix where they make infinitely extending racks of guns appear in that white void area: oh shit....
check it out: https://t.co/HwAoQTSRSR
Lisa and the Devil (1974) https://t.co/J7h0x9kmdA
keep the change pal... take it easy (i toss a roll of quarters to the bartender and it hits the shelf of glasses knocking over all of them)
The Boxer's Omen (1983) https://t.co/aFxVZyzktY
https://t.co/0B5sMMznjH
OK first of all I'm not homo phobic. many of my most pedophilic uncles are gay
I like my job for the most part and I think it's cool but building 40 of the same ugly table in one week sucks shit, as a task. its too much
(Im showing off throwing the pizza in the air but I do it after its cooked and the cheese slides off onto my face in one big sheet) ah shit!
muhh fuhgufhuhhh https://t.co/hhRScF1tHK
oatmeal racist cookie
The Guest (2014) https://t.co/Joebji741y
https://t.co/ShmQsRsLhs
check my LeatherMaster DadBoy X. it has 9 screwdrivers, a nail file and pliers (i whip it like a butterfly knife and pinch my fingers) shit!
(i go to shake hands with a guy but hes got weird hand and i just kinda fist bump the outside of his open hand) hey man. normal to meet you.
https://t.co/riNHzQE6iN
https://t.co/6Z846MOzL7
the safest way to dispose of empty spray paint cans is to sit in your car, doors closed windows up and hit the can with a hammer til it pops
Micey Mouse
The Brides of Dracula (1960) https://t.co/T0bQ7z7AOR
there aint nothin wrong with havin a big ol water bed full of hot dog water. until it pops
invention idea: a water bed made of all denim, and on the top is a giant Jeans Ass pocket that you sleep in. and its full of hot dog water
those who would  give up liberty for safety deserve and shall have $100, the most valuable of all the dollars - Benjamin "Mr. $100" Franklin
YouTube has great suggestions. this is right directly in my wheelhouse https://t.co/9wcqk4kvcD
ICU stands for Insane Clown Unit
saw the James Franco movie 128 hours where he gets his dick stuck between a toilet seat and he cuts it off after saying "shit" for 128 hours
i'll see you at brunch you sick freak
I'm fluent in four languages... <br />1. sarcasm<br />2. bullshit<br />3. talking to me after I've had my coffee<br />4. dressing like a fuckin jerk
is anyone here a music instrument nerd who can tell me what kind of tiny bass amp to get
welcome to woodworking with Mike, a new series. this is episode 1 https://t.co/66Lu55qm3h
girls love it when you dress like you're Oliver twist https://t.co/rte1SHs5EY
im  normal https://t.co/yGVMRXwxyd
millennial: commutes 1.5 hrs to work<br />baby boomer: shoots 1,500 lbs of the extinct American bison and dies before getting out of the driveway
george washingtons dad: weird my tree is chopped down after i left george  alone with my axe. wonder which retard son of mine is the culprit
naked bike riding celebration turns into naked bloodbath as literally every dude somehow gets his dick mangled in his own bike's wheel well
is there any way to make money from being funny besides doing a podcast, or being a comedian, or being a writer. also I refuse to commute
- if you cant make the meat get out of the kitchen<br />-dont shake it if you cant bake it<br />- why mess with the bull if you get the horns for free
normal activity https://t.co/JF5ZIn1Yw9
date of conception: yes please <br />date of last ultrasound: June 15<br />sex of the baby: don't mind if I do
interesting riddle/word puzzle, sound off in the comments if you think you can solve it! https://t.co/3uNfi0oP7h
guy: try this root beer<br />me: No! my father drinks root beer and hes a fucking pussy<br />guy: this isn't his<br />me: good thing for you, motherfucker
I made a table out of some old shutters. I used to make nice furniture but at least this was quick https://t.co/kku4h9O0AG
me: sorry, I can't come to your party... I gotta uh... wash my boy. <br />guy: youre sick. <br />me: oh yeah that's a better excuse. I'm sick that day
you can't do anything reputable with a microwave
https://t.co/ruQn6O9oZ1
this doesnt make any fuckin sense. what are you talking about https://t.co/Pttso515Qz
getting one of those fancy infuser water bottles and putting hot dogs and dill pickles in it
https://t.co/6Yn8DHoA5S
i went outside, looked at the sun, was like "shit its too bright", then i did that like 4 more times, then i borrowed some lady's glasses
five easy pieces (1970) - jack nicholson narrowly escapes a big music career and thwarts his hot girlfriend whos trying to have sex with him
Philadelphia is a sequel to Big, where Tom Hanks, instead of getting Big, he gets the horrible disease AIDS
Raul Peubens
https://t.co/Dx7JUPg8TT
thinking of trying to get a Sugar Baby. just an independently wealthy baby who I hang out with and he gives me money to like, burp him
my wife will have the browned nublets and I will have the chicken seas or salad
watch this ass fucker (i back all the way into a pull through parking space so that i still have to back out when i leave)
Look Who's Talking 2: Look Who else is Talking
my coworker misheard "ben and jerry's dairy-free ice cream" as "ben and jerry's Jerry-free ice cream" and i cant stop thinking about it
top 5 Jewish metal bands<br />- Sepultorah<br />- Normal Sabbath<br />- Dreidel of Filth<br />- its normal to make this list<br />- I'm not racist
check out my new bobble head. its black justin bieber https://t.co/e1ikkWA5RP
(i see a man selling hot dogs for $1.50) how much for the hot dog. i must have it. that must be the rarest one ive seen. i'll pay any price
i want to be beaten for exactly one inch of my life
excuse me waiter. i'd like an order of the Corn Troublemakers with 21 Jump Sauce
Can I please have a large order of the Colenel's Illegal Rumble Strips
I'll have a large plate of the jamaican jerkin rublets please. and a side order of your Cornflake M'oysters
https://t.co/OtDmlPsU3F
shit in one hand half a dozen of the other
why shit in one hand when you can see which fills up first for free
the convenience store next to my work sells hot dogs for 50 cents. cant beat that deal. youd be foolish not to buy them
baby on blast
what up dude. is your refrigerator running. is your only source of food trying to elude you. sorry i called you at such an inconvenient time
my roommate bought 30 keystone lights and put them everywhere except the fridge https://t.co/i7wEZ1lJLJ
https://t.co/q5wt1s35P9
whats the deal breakfast meal. whats cluckin big chicken. whats the word, large curd. whats goin down charlie brown. what up coffee cup
- take care papa bear<br />- good lookin out bean sprout<br />- take it easy lemon squeezy<br />- catch you later christian slater<br />- have fun honey bun
rich people 2017: I want a table made of an old door. I want a chandelier made of Mason jars. it's so cute. put my escalade on cinderblocks
the mason jar chandeliers came out ok https://t.co/J2CdrNJzsw
me when I see a guy taking a picture: hey why don't you just look at it for a while, it won't last so long
Just posted a photo https://t.co/zgCQCBhw0q
21 Skunk Meat
I did some foam carving today to fix up this cool Halloween bar. before/after https://t.co/LPZRYQZnsw
thinking about following like 650 accounts who i hate and who all hate each other and then complaining when my feed looks like shit. normal.
I carved another foam skull https://t.co/Pp6pi34Uk3
(tapping a finger directly on my eye) cant slip one under the wool of my eyes. the rolling stones rather grow moss. not mulch gets passed me
slip into a slim jim
every couch is a pull-out couch if you're not picky about what you pull out of it
millennial: a cat came to my door, it was already domesticated. i knew i had to rescue it. i locked it into my house and named it mr. robot
today I get to paint a guitar https://t.co/WnqeSah3N8
https://t.co/wxdEze4FeR
the layout is done, now I'm gonna paint it https://t.co/vmYjJohBwx
https://t.co/gqXPaEIC0Q
its not delivery, its frozen pizza from the store. but thanks for assuming shit about my life shortstack. it cost 6 bucks chow down hot shot
it can be fun to get a little bit frightened. whether from a skull, a bat, or even that alarming and terrible gourd we all hate, the pumpkin
i had like 8 major things go wrong in my life in the last 2 weeks. my life contains about 11 things. today a 9th thing happened. im thriving
blade runner: whats the difference between a robot and a human<br />blade runner 2: obviously a robot is fake but what if it came out of a pussy
there are many who thought that i couldnt spell "icup". but yet look at them laugh in amazement when i prove them all wrong.
I got a custom neon sign made and I couldn't be happier https://t.co/a9hserK9CE
cant believe Matisyahu fell off a bike and got a severe head injury which made him even worse at rapping and changed his name to Post Malone
Back off. Dont test me mother fucker. i dont do well on tests bitch. i have trouble concentrating in class pipsqueak. plus i need glasses
(i get really sad and put my head in an easy bake oven and fall asleep and accidentally cook the side of my face a little bit) shit! no!
me when someone befriends me: congratulations... youve just made a very weak friend
muddle of pud
https://t.co/aejT4nMLVX
to the tune of "love lift us up where we belong" https://t.co/pmVkeXt1z0
check out this chandelier we made at work. we're making an "enchanted garden" https://t.co/vwNX1VtfZM
ideas:<br />salad restaurant called "arugula customer"<br />doughnut shop called "donuts, don't tell"
conservative step dad: ooh the vegetables are so good<br />me: pipe down homo (I shoot him with a pellet gun) who did you vote for County sheriff
making some tiny fake terrain at work https://t.co/Zrtib3insg
my job at work this week is to make a face out of leaves and branches. it's gonna take several days https://t.co/iMT98g8Xph
I know the lips are stupid don't @ me
we're working on this gazebo thing, it's got a nice koi pond painting and some nice faux marble https://t.co/jXFw0mmCXG
the leaf man is done. his name is Fike Mossey https://t.co/A2x8wzuYvf
things to write on my new hat:
secretly made my coworker a honey bbq chicken tender hood ornament https://t.co/vokbgQ9iHF
Here's some stuff i made at work for a disgusting banker party https://t.co/g4Wjy5E5aF
https://t.co/CqUXXEupnY
When in Rome, don't mess with Texas
mmm this food is so good its gonna make me shit
I'd rather be poopin in a hot tub than hoppin in a poop tub
Check out this invention I made. Many have compared me to thomas edison https://t.co/rQUS6ytsiS
Dumped a bunch of paint on the floor. Then I fell in it and got it on my jeans https://t.co/iXCr2PcrXS
I made a table https://t.co/18l3D3IyAn
Can't wait to see Death Wash with Charles Branson https://t.co/pn5wdNli91
I'm almost ready to launch my career as a cake decorator https://t.co/905vxN3bLO
Have yourself a very little Christmas
Out: Boston baked beans<br />In: Charleston chewed beans
The best alternative Christmas movies are Night of the Hunter, Night of the Comet and In Bruges. The best main stream one is Bad Santa
guys over 40 love telling each other what the weather is like in different parts of the country and agreeing on it
Listen pal, there's gonna be two hits.  Me hitting the car in front of me and the car behind me when I try to parallel park
Mr. Bean is a real fuckin asshole
I've been thinking of getting a different kind of foot long
Just going to make a list of everything I liked or that brought me joy this year:<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-
If you're shittin when you're sittin, please be cool and flush your stool
I be eatin macaroni pretty often even though im a grown up! <br /><br />600k RTS, 250M favs
Ernest Hemingway, asked to write a story in only six words, replied with this:<br />trying to recoup after baby mishap
I'm imagining a press conference where they announce that Dr. Pepper is a woman and there's a huge boycott
Now that it's big I can tell it tastes brown and lumpy https://t.co/jDS2A6CmYL
About halfway done painting this guitar https://t.co/HN3INVDgcX
Who's the best pedophile
(Calling it like a basketball shot, pointing at a spot on the floor) I'm gonna make a barback in the next two hours
https://t.co/p5npZGNZih
Steven Seagull https://t.co/6lynFHdZO6
The paint job is done https://t.co/9RZTgLRH1X
Southie cream pie
Having a nice dinner with my wife https://t.co/TTlGeqAzVC
fuck how am i gonna know any policies now https://t.co/71JXzCxHzA
been thinking about this lately and i just need to vent a little bit. you know those guys the three stooges? those guys are fuckin stupid
https://t.co/WCuDqxweK9
Outhouse Steakhouse
Nice, I always wanted to fuck my breakfast https://t.co/xeFCzL90ov
In light of recent events, ive decided i will no longer offer discounts to the NRA unless they hook me up with a free gun.
(hitting the buzzer so hard it pops) they all have sick assault rifles https://t.co/oZkpICTgjm
https://t.co/v71rkcy4pq
Chefs: quality cookware makes cooking fun and stress free, it's an investment<br />Me: https://t.co/pxVgDkiOBR
(asking someone for a drag off their cigarette) ay lemme get a poop off that butt
I painted a guitar for a day of the dead celebration https://t.co/hWUvs7NpV1
Taking down the Italian crime syndicate one by one https://t.co/bDLUQWqPop
https://t.co/jFnDIQXBed
Theres a lot of cheaper/stronger liquor out there but I'm pretty sure the most alcoholic thing you can drink is blackberry brandy
Horse shrine https://t.co/L3e9NXk5XJ
Good collection of items https://t.co/utpZizPpLx
I accidentally left my weed at work last night and the fuckin managers filled the bag with gumballs https://t.co/RUDoJGFn6p
I was trying to leave the parking lot but I accidentally pulled into the drive through https://t.co/94Y1PjcKXg
Panera - A Bulgur Display of Flour
yeah if you add two negative numbers it gets even lower https://t.co/FECPjNfP3y
Working on a secret project 🤙🤙 https://t.co/vXefCRZ9xW
https://t.co/doTID0Rirk
https://t.co/1zM4fxyKtz
I love having normal conversations with my friends :) https://t.co/nMdEWUBgX8
Homemade furby https://t.co/mcQj45QIc9
viva la revolucion is spanish for "oh cool its the revolution"
(to the tune of love shack) well a love seat is a little old couch where, there are just two cushions
(to the tune of donna summer hot stuff) im lookin for a love seat baby this evening, im lookin for a couch with only two seats
to the tune of jimmy buffet cheese burger in paradise: i like couch that only has two cushions, heinz 57 and couch with just two cushions
once in the hand, two if by sea, three times a lady
you can teach an old dog new tricks but you cant make him drink
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, you get the milk for free
The mirror deer, Two perverts, The Kyrie Irving hustle chair, and the increasingly popular banjo https://t.co/98iVeDWemd
https://t.co/HAX37AfPS4
I'm essentially 14 years old
https://t.co/LCek5jbQOw
It's impressive that beethoven managed to write so much beautiful music despite being almost completely dumb
It's amazing to think that even though beethoven was very hard of hearing, he still managed to write some incredibly loud music
cold stone stevery stone cold cream austin, uh, ah, sold cone cream boston,stone cold creamery. shit. stone cold james marsden
If you can't take the heat, try miss congeniality instead
Egg of the Basketvilles
I'm ashamed but I'm not sorry
My friend Ben drew this I think it's cool https://t.co/8bGub7cUE6
Guess who's making more foam skulls https://t.co/L5vJWH3rBz
I'm the GG Allin of the bathroom
My friend wants me to help her come up with a name for a blue tongued skink https://t.co/XlZbrnCzGE
https://t.co/MUtCD3hjor
The Gay Siberian Orchestra. That's it that's the whole joke
Skeleton bones https://t.co/vM8412VF4f
If I won a million dollars, the first thing I would do is buy 400 1995 Honda Accords
If you like seeing four pictures out of context you came to the right web page https://t.co/7zYWiqsNSq
I only eat food with ingredients I can pronounce. And guess what bitch. the only thing I can pronounce is Costco hot dog
Bought 8 movies and it wasn't until I got home that I realized half of them star Matthew Broderick https://t.co/IvEGR8Oc4z
They should make alcoholic chewing gum where the longer you chew it the drunker you get and if you swallow it you die instantly
I just found this box I made when I was 12, I kinda forgot I made it https://t.co/pm4FHt0CSr
The Golden Girls fuckin rips sack
Ah yes
My opinion on gun control can be boiled down to this one essential statement: Ned Tugent
Cars are fast as ass. They haul turd
Going down to the dealership and pissing on the tires of a car I'm thinking about buying to mark it as my own
https://t.co/T65AVaQFwd
I always carry a sharpie in my pocket in case I need to do some graffiti https://t.co/gRPGEFjGi4
Dude https://t.co/zvRVRPKEvc
Oh man https://t.co/uWR7Dz2Qph
Thief. Coward. Filthy dog https://t.co/A25VVkR0U2
https://t.co/UBf3bKi7cZ
New wall hanging I just bought, it says "family" in sanskrit https://t.co/u5k4HXFHIC
Is it sexist to notice that Nico isn't good
Wonderful https://t.co/2aEwq0ZhCi
Penis https://t.co/zUQ8RB9ygL
(To the tune of "sexual healing")<br />When I get diseases I need, actual healing
Starting a company called the Cake Kooking Kompany. I call it the cake KK for short. No replies necessary thank you
I made some cartoon cloud shelves https://t.co/rT2o948UMP
Why does everyone love Ethan Hawke, who sucks instead of Sam Rockwell who rules. What did Sam Rockwell do wrong to god
We got a giant model of the enterprise to hang above the star trek set https://t.co/WPcsuWNobc
Dunkin donuts everything bagel with cream cheese on the side https://t.co/jrOFqYLhSc
My coworker and I made a clutch out of a tennis ball https://t.co/YVgEg3BRFv
Those two big skulls I carved are done being painted https://t.co/lMR7iH3X1D
I'm a grape in the sheets, but a raisin in the sun
thinking about getting a second dick installed to compensate for my shitty car
https://t.co/aFYsKSfB8r
I made a bar that looks like the ship from star trek https://t.co/Hv6EKjdWMc
It's called a throw pillow because you throw it on the floor and sit just right on the couch
just remembering the time we got a job application at my work and under age it said 17, and under Skills it said "i can do anything"
https://t.co/6gaqhFsXdc
If you kick my ass in a dream you better wake up and do it in real life too, punk
It takes less muscles to frown than it does to improve your circumstances
Micro dosing on mushrooms and listening to a bunch of 30 second samples of pink floyd songs
Triple threat... https://t.co/kdPa3Um5Le
Love making extremely safe, precise cuts using all the proper tools available to me https://t.co/oW0hnsEO2u
Holy relics https://t.co/7W6FUGyPPS
Been hearing a lot about MS 13 lately... Wonder if there's a Mr. 13...
uh yeah can i get an order of the corn troublemakers?
https://t.co/gkBx2XZOlR
Five great tips for what to do with leftover rice:<br />- eat more rice<br />- throw it out<br />- give it to someone else<br />- ? <br />- ?
(talking loudly to my friend at the movie theater) yo text me if you want any of this popcorn
Bout to crack open a few natty lights https://t.co/7jKpsDpQaR
they should make a non alcoholic beer called "not your father's beer"
fool me once, fuck you, fool me twice cut it out asshole stop fooling me
if you lead me to water and make me drink, dont look in my mouth
if you mess with the bull, you get the milk for free
-neapolitan and battery<br />- caramel coconut exposure<br />- negligent strawberry delight<br />- statutory grape<br />- aggravated marshmallow cluster
Thank you for the good color names boys @wash_cloth @Tetradugenica @adultblackmale https://t.co/xcQonq8tBb
(late 80s educational rap voice) the peas, the carrots, the animals too!
Come in? Don't give a shit if I do. Time to meet you. The pleasure of this situation is all for me bitch. Welcome to your lovely house
If you don't have anything nice to say you get the horns
Added some vinyl decals to my friends car https://t.co/pHW9jBen5v
My room mate is wearing a shirt that looks like a painting I bought several months ago https://t.co/1DvkqM0L1G
Real men know how to cook https://t.co/gpM8gLss7E
Thanks for the notifications this is what I wanted to see https://t.co/8TyVhjteSC
Well it's official https://t.co/Kg6fy3tFV0
You want a beer? How about a nice cold can of https://t.co/AMN35H4K0u
"ooh the vegetables are soo good" - Anthony Bourdain rest in "peas"
I love to visit home and see that my siblings are the same flavor of retard as me https://t.co/UPc8Qs6WIQ
Check out some stuff my friends and I made https://t.co/UFIItKMlCA
https://t.co/2puuQmgkDp
Apple in the morning, doctor's warning, apple at night, doctors take flight
i cant believe i just learned that Dustin Hoffman is Dustin Timberlake's dad
That Brendan Frasier mummy movie is sick
Turducken https://t.co/aXp1OAB3LD
Some people just want to have their cake and eat at two
Roasted, fruitloop https://t.co/VYl0r2o5Sk
They should call it 24 and me when I'm using it
Boston area tradition... Onion rings with extra onion powder. Doesn't get any better https://t.co/4zVxxaXZcZ
So that's how it's pronounced https://t.co/ip9DfBCDkf
Neat https://t.co/0Uv88o9p7B
I mean yeah it would be more accurate I guess https://t.co/7GSHlsQXzA
Four nice images https://t.co/uFHL1eLNbk
pain is an additional amount of pain entering the body
(taking a big swig of juice) I like sweet juice
Pyramid whale https://t.co/B7bmSA8VlI
turkey elections? i thought the american presidential election wasnt until 2020
Rat mask (semi cursed) https://t.co/GrL2ytluXS
https://t.co/ReBfKOAq2E
I'm a big fan of this whole situation https://t.co/r3pO6NFnbj
buhhhhhh
r.i.p to the really cool bowl I bought and immediately hid at my parents house when I was 18 that neither of us have ever been able to find
I like sweet juice
this magazine is incredible, I love it so much https://t.co/OS7UZcXWWG
https://t.co/Qvkp90Bnyi
check yourself before you wreck it ralph
i fucking hate my own medicine. the taste first of all is extremely shitty
to some guy whos staring at me: hey pal draw a picture, it'll take longer
women want a man whos not afraid to take a coin and just throw it right in the trash, wasting it completely
do what you love for a living and you'll get to experience the bliss of not having hobbies anymore
celine dion my wayward son
No idea what the deal is here https://t.co/FopUZ4nfWd
if you have a sign that says "dont flush anything but toilet paper down the toilet" im shitting in your trash can. your fault sorry.
Rude gold borg machine. I know I suck https://t.co/f7ztzTvybx
hey let me get some of those pretzels. i need to dry my whistle
Getting into the video game industry https://t.co/HeKsA3XtXU
cop licker dynasty
This thing rips. It's one raunchy bitch. It seriously hurls https://t.co/z37LJK3LLM
Is there a Mr. Every shot you don't take
I made a tiny cute door for some lady who wanted tiny cute doors https://t.co/QriY4cGQfB
friend: it would behoove us to bring a gift to the party<br />me: yeah dude... that would be so hoovous
I made a tiny trashy door to go with the cute one https://t.co/HVKBfYVWEb
Why leave when you can let the door hit you in the ass for free
https://t.co/tgPSx8RrE8
https://t.co/6EhqKhkfey
https://t.co/cYIOi80BEU
Sweet Juice (2018) https://t.co/qe4lw4tumf
My documents https://t.co/QLX5lQ001J
I find I'm a lot happier when only like 4 people like my stuff than when a lot of people do. Not sure why
Good morning retard we're going shopping https://t.co/0mj14LkYuY
Rat watch https://t.co/VYWnCsopx5
photographer looking at a flower: wow thats really pretty... someone should pay me for this. (takes a picture) there now i made it
https://t.co/7ukDPwH5HC
What are you hungry about
Thinking about making a bad tweet. Might do it might not
Time to buy new shoes https://t.co/DTDSk21cng
Hot new paint colors https://t.co/ei1GcuzDRh
I've reached a point in my life where I'm basically the evil kid from toy story https://t.co/XcyocsHNCN
out: doing the duckface in photos<br />in: doing the duckface with your lips parted and showing some teeth
its heartwarming to see so many brave young people coming out and admitting that the nazis were the real bad guys from indiana jones
I'm full of real blood now
https://t.co/LKVBNk5Vgp
overheard from a small child at a Heavenly Donuts franchise: "my dream is to never be a champion"
Especially happy with newborn milkman https://t.co/JwpAvwW0Q9
I've been practicing throwing tools to get them to stick into the table and I'm getting pretty good at it https://t.co/UgWbLCHoz8
https://t.co/GoeNYj1y64
https://t.co/8pJHZY7QrM
listen pal, my foot is a banana in pajamas and your ass is the stairs
Same here except I don't smell like apples https://t.co/YFdN3xPslE
Scratch me <br />Smell me <br />Shoot me
I don't like to complain, I just like to aggressively mock people who do in a way that implies my problems are worse
Outlaw country is a sub genre of American country music popularized in the 1970s by like 6 violent racists and their friend Willie Nelson
Never leave home without it https://t.co/QrZuV0lESq
Bam margera: do not show an ant hill to me, that is honestly so fucked up <br />Bam margera: wouldn't it be funny if we shot my dad with a gun
Laughing to myself about having a pet lizard named "Mrs. Cool Friend"
I'm cool https://t.co/Wso2yvMuPV
One of the funniest jokes in the world is when you're in extreme pain and people suggest you try Tylenol or ibuprofen
Chicks love to make fun of dudes for having beards, but what they don't understand is that it happens automatically. Not our fault.
Ran out of ideas https://t.co/feo01zrmaf
This is the type of aesthetic I try to cultivate https://t.co/2PZccVy3Pv
Me trying to make a meme post that goes viral https://t.co/JSvLfhRvNv
What is an aggregator you ask? Well it's simple. Aggregators have a wider and more rounded snout while crogrodiles tend to h
You think you're gonna intimidate me just cause you have 8 legs and you can spin webs? I eat guys like you in my sleep according to studies
An idea that's consistently funny to me is spitting into a spittoon so hard that it falls over
Some of the stuff Trump says it's like he thinks he's smoking that Mr Frog but really he's gone off that Mr. Toad
When you think you're on that fire but you're hitting that midpack chopra
Damn homie i didnt know we were digging into the b sides https://t.co/8G3xFoJTXy
Tom Sweaty and the windbreakers
Putting a little hibachi burner under the fish tank at petsmart. No law against making soup.
A lot of good info in here. https://t.co/Zw1TI9LT9b
Imagine saying something this cool and having the job title "disco maven" https://t.co/EvHU5NOKbV
Check out this collage I'm working on https://t.co/8RKHOzVsKT
hey dude i was just wondering, would you be willing to give me a ride to the airport the next six times i need to go to the airport
hey man, any way you could spot me a dollar for a cup of coffee? cool thanks. any chance you can do that every day from now on?
no he wouldn't, he's dead https://t.co/IMFCckhEim
https://t.co/5roBKMcvq3
I'm making a 5 foot diameter foam pumpkin but at this stage it basically looks like a giant foam ass https://t.co/EwccULbIwL
The giant pumpkin is nearly done https://t.co/TWX2PufAye
It's the acceptable pumpkin, Charlie Brown https://t.co/DtZWijvGWF
Light as a pumpkin stiff as a gourd
AdultJobFinder the free adult version of LinkedIn
They're more orange than red but still pretty accurate label https://t.co/8zpz485ZUf
Soaking and boiling some beans in monster energy drink to make monster energy beans
The creation of a monster in 4 steps https://t.co/GqMA8yXjys
Draculas monster https://t.co/7jHhI1Qj5s
It's cool that everyone online decided to ruin the word "cursed", taking away one of the approximately 7 things in life that I enjoy
I made some Egyptian shit for the background of the mummy vignette https://t.co/uJCdJCPhpA
Dilly dilly https://t.co/le0GT48eyk
Ghoul ranch burritos
Two days ago: I'm not going to tweet "ghoul ranch burritos" or "hot apple spider"<br />Now: dude I might even tweet "batty light"
It turns out if you spray paint a zebra gold it just looks like a donkey https://t.co/hCMiAU9REN
Did you know if you roll a cop over on his back and rub his belly until his little red rocket comes out he has to tell you if he's a cop
Hello https://t.co/dq2oij88Lz
There's two main tactics for advertising cereal. <br />- it's so good that people will try to steal it <br />- adults can't see cinnamon
X-Men Origins: Ovaltine
Getting a couple arm bones removed so I can lick my own elbow
McDouble McDouble McToil and McTrouble
Hashbrown burn mcflurry bubble
It's good to be friends with me https://t.co/9queqZm7Qb
Working on a new game, it's really difficult. It's called "Mike's Hard Lemon Maze"
Oh yeah you're gonna kick my ass? Me and what army?
Extremely rare Grinch Pumpkin https://t.co/19MSmpQdhI
Taking shots of coke zero and chasing it with regular coke because i don't like the taste
Something to look forward to i guess https://t.co/Ql00xP6Hu0
Worried that people might think I'm racist because of my "don't tread on me" tattoo so I'm getting it changed to say "don't tread on men"
Ben https://t.co/SL6qtnqa2s
Excuse me miss, is this guy bothering you. Ok just making sure. If you need someone else to bother you too I'll be over here
Fool me once shame on you. Teach me to fool myself and I'll be fooled for life
Excel for Windows 8 Championship Edition
yeah i can probably get us a couple of coffees at this dunkin donuts, i know the manager here. hes my boss
no dont give me the mug with the race car picture on it... i dont want to drink my coffee too fast
I have no insurance and I'm drowning in medical debt. Help out if you can but if not i get it  https://t.co/1oFwFv01Y4 via @gofundme
List of cool tattoo ideas https://t.co/c30C4pEUG0
If I had a gun I'd hang myself
They say I shouldn't drink this and its bad for me but honestly it tastes great and I can stop any time I want to https://t.co/1OznrLyM5T
Theres a new dog who works at my work and he's a german shepherd husky mix and he rules https://t.co/B7eaL95Dr3
When you ask your caveman friend how its going https://t.co/WFm22Be6Ry
laughing my ass off about the idea of slipping a gun into someones morning coffee to kill them
The @ViagraBoys "street worms" is a sick album and the t shirt is also incredibly gnarly https://t.co/5MjrbcuHDe
Balancing stuff precariously is a fun time https://t.co/yz8W4vvqMd
Catching a fish, putting a cool lip piercing in the hook hole and throwing it back
I'm not sorry https://t.co/L4EhD3TrUY
Ooh my son is being so bad right now https://t.co/uSQJ4Gqcwk
Mr. Safety First https://t.co/ICVOSH3WVO
Two sexy horses https://t.co/w44FKZgylW
Its called a pith helmet because if you're on a thafari and theres no toilet you can pith in your helmet
Experiments with nice textures on acrylic, mostly spray paint https://t.co/aTlLerVZq8
That piece is called "midnight in the garden at your dad's house" https://t.co/y0CFoawOUN
I got one of those curiouscat websites if anyones curious  https://t.co/OHthrS3TCc
Hi mike, what’s your favourite meal? — Theoretically lunch but historically dinner https://t.co/7Yxw89aZqJ
how did you pick your username — Its my name https://t.co/Huy9iOgFiM
Why have you forced me to unfollow you with this spam — Because youre a big whiny shithead https://t.co/wD6pXmKnKh
You should write for me — What should i write for you https://t.co/QvBjGAcjW7
Catch these pants
I'm like banksy https://t.co/EslioBv6zN
https://t.co/95S6PDUMtd
https://t.co/FlmsnWyhjb
fuck off dude get out of here... come back any time... dont let the door hit me in my dick on the way in
https://t.co/LLPvqSWbf9
https://t.co/jpZleguTaS
dude straight up, dogs love food. prove me wrong
Look https://t.co/XZ0Dadj1mu
Friend: the show is tomorrow night, tickets are 20.<br />Me: dollars?<br />Friend: .... yeah. Doors at 7.<br />Me: o clock?<br />Friend: you're not invited
Update: he's a buffoon https://t.co/diCPjSlQcY
Cool pagan altar thing we got hired to make https://t.co/0BcSvlMTZQ
Snake doodle https://t.co/0TdhqFkH6f
Help me to help yourself to helping me
I'm an artist https://t.co/zUKjI2Qhaf
opening an all you can eat buffet and theres only going to be one item, and not very much of it. sorry thats all you can eat
https://t.co/OuTkD3rtnd
Aquarium https://t.co/EhIEhg6yl5
Nice birthday cake from my coworkers. It's for myself and Ben but they wrote Bin https://t.co/bNtPl6OWpQ
https://t.co/ZChy25uED2<br />This is the one he likes
Shopping list. feel free to yell at me I will clearly not stop https://t.co/vA1CTXh1dz
Yogurt cup where the foil peels off the bottom instead of the top and all the contents just fall out. Its called "fruit on the table"
https://t.co/fO0fkmJmmw
Incredible artwork, good title https://t.co/m6Yf3DlEIa
dude sorry i cant talk right now, im on the last level of itsy bitsy spider and if i fuck this up i have to restart from the beginning
strapping on my $1,200 Ocular Rift headset and climbing into my 8 foot tall gaming high chair to play a round of "this little piggy"
https://t.co/HpPb4CpNhx
i hate one man's trash but i love one man's treasure
i regret to inform you that last night, i became the real me and got my entire leg stuck in one flavor compartment of a 3 flavor popcorn can
hind sight is tony tony
someone holds their glass out for me to clink it and i fist bump it spilling the drink everywhere "cheers dude"
thats a great question im glad you asked. plus youre stupid as shit for asking it
https://t.co/j29DmdALGQ
I was trying to take a picture of some plants hanging from the ceiling and I'm not sure what happened but it's cool https://t.co/5j4902C2uT
https://t.co/bYE2x5J26h
https://t.co/4X6PIPt4bO
https://t.co/mhYV7MImY5
https://t.co/kzVqXNEUJO
Hello https://t.co/9QlugvHsa0
joke's on the US.... i would never pay that much for a nickel https://t.co/kmLkT11d2f
once upon a midnight dreary / as i sprinkled while i tinkled
get off your asses people. we need to uh.... make new bugs for the woods https://t.co/Ttk20lKuVO
my content is like school in summertime... if you dont have a learning disability or a really shitty attitude its not for you
is it bad if super glue gets into your blood stream. can i just replace part of my fingernail with super glue
Neil Young and Normal Horse https://t.co/9TJoxJUP4E
Deactivating my main family right now to spend some time in Connecticut with my locked alt family
there is too much of Lies...
going out on the town this weekend, what fragrance do i use?
https://t.co/7hbWfyT0FF
https://t.co/OhiYTHrrrm
a scrub is a guy who can't get no love from me<br />sitting in the middle back seat of his best friends jeep<br />trying to open string cheese
everyone online has been talking about ted bundy lately. who did he kill this time?
https://t.co/gXIgw5O0LX
Made a bandolier for the office dog https://t.co/twGhJKHGd4
https://t.co/9y79jvtA4k
lol https://t.co/lGWtW0jluv
gonna save you about 3 hours, the twist at the end of that movie Glass is that its a sequel to the sixth sense
Wyd are you up to
I can't eat gluten due to a medical condition i have. if i eat too much gluten, it starts gluten me crazy!
the yogurt for when you've had a few too many drinks and you suddenly remember you have to drive somewhere https://t.co/MVHmf3Ukwf
if you dont agree with what the military is doing, maybe next war you should actually join and vote with your bullets
They all sound so good... How do I choose https://t.co/NAAt2JpFgY
Just imagine getting a blumpkin at the same moment you make a game winning field goal... Every dudes dream
looks like the patriots arent as bad as everyone thought
The fatted calf. The golden chariot. Simply majestic https://t.co/8xZsGdFLRI
Check out these hot new brochures https://t.co/iUrOmdPhPn
The Scorpion King (2002) https://t.co/kkahuw8WrO
Gonna watch Animal House, the all time great classic comedy from 1978, and not laugh a single time
ferris bueller's day off remake but kevin hart plays ferris, the rock plays cameron and melissa mccarthy is sloan
if you dont look at the jeff bezos dick pic youre gay
https://t.co/1pM9weTwTb
Took down the tool wall at work to redo it more efficiently. It's gonna be good but I'm gonna miss the old one https://t.co/hrCbopqjgo
https://t.co/AhIK5YDLJL
donuts don't tell
Thinking about cracking open like 9 of those hand warmer packet things and using them to cook an egg in my hands... Handboiled egg
come over for dinner im making handburgers, which is where i cook my hand in a panini press and make a sandwich of it
Coming along nicely https://t.co/2GAiSUTVt3
https://t.co/1Ru3iBSRWM
The sort of the undead https://t.co/sueMy4EFsN
https://t.co/oDxdegQ8Fn
Dan's Dance Revolution
https://t.co/UrJoVdcDsr
entering one of those dark periods in my life where i decide to want to watch the movie Dude Wheres My Car
(to the tune of bombs over baghdad) moons over hammy
Cool picture I took of my good friend https://t.co/A5fqMoGWbR
I can perfectly identify any musical note just by hearing it. I have swimmers ear
Snake chair https://t.co/HAWiyVYiw0
https://t.co/4zNyjrgUyv
Some good ideas for store brand cereal names:<br />Raise and bran<br />Honey not Cheerios<br />Group nuts
Treat your Valentine to death by peanut butter ball https://t.co/HyAVC65BCp
You want to fuck with me pal I'll give you a nickel sandwich
(playing a really easy game for children on my phone while I'm sitting on the toilet) man im so fucking good at this game
live free or diarrhea
prominently displaying my bookshelf to impress you but every book on it is a 4th grade literature textbook
good morning
(said in such a tone of voice that you can tell im spelling the words wrong in my head as i speak them) I'm a genuis
live fast dye easter eggs
('sugar ray - fly' voice) https://t.co/MvDUYNY4gM
22 year olds, 2019: um ok sooo, how come nobody told me horses have little hard feet with no toes
(to the tune of hot cross buns) hot dog bun hot dog bun hot dog bun hot dog bun hot dog bun
Sleep? Ha. I'll sleep when I'm in bed
i need to gain 50 billion pounds quick or im never gonna look like the moon in time for beach season
cant believe it about john wayne. big bummer, he used to be one of my favorites. next youre gonna tell me al jolson is cancelled
https://t.co/9xUkXXoeGS
Do I look like I'm laughing https://t.co/P2RHFon8MZ
Doesn't sound extremely to me https://t.co/0sLPtWn3pa
Anyone know why this renaissance statue man has a tiny weird tail https://t.co/ntTjGvA5Lf
Oh no https://t.co/cWO6vePNea
https://t.co/UQMAV2AMwA
try our milkshake... so thick you can almost taste it
we have the thickest milkshakes around... its like trying to suck water out of a brick. its basically ice cream but harder
i have a suggestion for you actually. try getting some more documents https://t.co/yfgDqUBn8s
My friend made me a nice leather patch https://t.co/b7ssoyQKu6
Ha https://t.co/0ZbQm5LEwN
Neat https://t.co/VRISFF3ibZ
The lifestyle of the Sagittarius woman https://t.co/EbInMiIUVS
if you're high as balls, that's approximate to waist height. this is why people refer to being very fucked up as "getting waisted"
Secret toilet https://t.co/KtcRB0QhLC
filling the barrel of my gun with cooked rice as an impromptu silencer
me
abuelita battle angel
those who can't roux, quiche
god im the fucking worst
If you put your ear up to a toilet seat you can get hearing aids
Hey bud, my ass is writing checks your bank won't cash
had a good joke like 2 hours ago but i got distracted by work and i forgot it. should have never got a job
is it wrong to say that i kind of wish bob dylan was dead
making a parody news site of the onion called "the funyun" where we do funny joke versions of their headlines
princess bride 1994, one of the best movies of all time. "my name is hannah montana, you killed my father, prepare to die"
https://t.co/XlqhxoZYVZ
Cool https://t.co/zLOmGTjsUI
I'm addicted to making psychedelic deer art https://t.co/ci9DONbGKo
Unicorn https://t.co/7bqhkQM6z8
What do you call a deer with three feet https://t.co/5krLwNxbr4
Furries for the Erotic Treatment of Animals https://t.co/1GV0E0h7GE
I like sweet juice https://t.co/wp2OrFyply
Dude are you fucking kidding me. Get out of my house. He wears suspenders. Have you seen  him?Larry King can absolutely ride a unicycle
#WhenTheGoingGetsToughIAlways When The Going Gets Tough I Always.
Anyone want to play a game of Fantasy Foodball? https://t.co/aiBLRXAnxY
Sad to see that everyone hates this even though it's the funniest thing I've ever done
Got my work bag packed up for a productive weekend at home https://t.co/piUBt4Oisb
I love to be a squeaky wheel, but i HATE to get the grease
Red is the worst flavor, blue or pink are usually the best
ah shit i need to change my pants. i just https://t.co/TdaW3CqU5u
https://t.co/ELb5qlbvD4
lol https://t.co/T0oiHGthXz
Cool picture I took https://t.co/lH8mHZlhbS
fantasy foodball... god damn thats fucking funny
(mumbling along to the song) wish i was a little bit taller wish i was taller, wish i had a dog or a cat i would spay her
Aww... He's teaching his son about the family business https://t.co/7Rvsv3RToQ
I did it https://t.co/mD45bJwsNX
Painted a phone case that came out really cool, gonna do some more I think https://t.co/vE9pHN67lK
if you would like a phone case painted in a similar trippy style to the one above, send me a message, and i'll make one for you
Who wants a neat jug https://t.co/EqtMzfG6qs
hahahahaha "insurance network" https://t.co/yO5kzpeyI9
I know I'm high but I'm pretty sure this is genuinely cool looking https://t.co/7thtuBz9Fo
The jug is getting even neater https://t.co/8O9GSRAq3L
having a competition with my friends where we all go to the toy aisle in target and see who can swallow the highest number of small parts
(Shoving my friend out of the way and trying to catch my breath) holy shit. watch out dude... That was a close one. https://t.co/8PH1isQ4e9
The Teletubbies tells the story of an ancient race that roamed the earth when the sun was still a baby
i'll never stop https://t.co/oV56G0HgHP
if i were a little old lady, i wouldn't swallow a fly. i would choose instead to live in a humble shoe
So sick... This sewing machine has a whammy bar on it https://t.co/8dNVGPChe3
I made a bicycle https://t.co/akHKoX5kag
If you can read this thank a teacher... The bitch fell off
Making the world's biggest pair of pants https://t.co/e7OWIOoKTB
Trying to figure out how many holes the average person has. Does the belly button count as a hole
fuck mueller reports were due today? i havent even started mine
Honestly had no idea he was married to his son. Now I get why everyone's so pissed https://t.co/IshocE7X1L
thinking about getting into hip hop but i want to steer clear of stuff thats all Beats and Rap. any suggestions
https://t.co/kCLxw0QCQ7
Tired of your snacks going stale? Try this simple clip https://t.co/QSqyc0pLJ5
The American footbag game https://t.co/uj87ReiWzw
A horse of a time? https://t.co/Jor87NyGyM
Llama Lunch https://t.co/WGPVfp6Vp1
https://t.co/GmB56jFbkG
The two main emotions https://t.co/4nLFFf5I9T
Immense dog chewing on a police cruiser https://t.co/d2FIXu2e0r
Man this weed is 'jamaican me crazy' you know what I mean haha https://t.co/Jp8fXNHkSU
https://t.co/diKz8npuqY
going to new york city and looking to hang out with anyone i can find. anyone live in new york city
am i wrong or is 5 kinda pretty old to be eating toys https://t.co/iJoDjoB6pt
to the tune of 'hot child in the city' Hot coins from the dryer
raising kids isn't that hard. all they need is a pack of smokes in the morning and an indoor trampoline to tire em out at night
this guy is drunk lmao https://t.co/VBo2fl2sB7
https://t.co/4KcLyuDmEv
(pulling a folded up jumbo slim jim out of my coat pocket) i hope you dont mind if i... snap into something a little more comfortable
Super appropriate slogan for a bar mitzvah https://t.co/NfACgVjj51
It was my boys last day at work and i got him a low carb cake https://t.co/hUe9gQ70VD
if someone made you a deal where they agree to give you in cash however much you can eat in unwashed coins, how much money would you eat
i wish i was a little bit shorter, i wish i played recorder, i wish i was a valet with a hat or a bell hop or porter
hoisin sauce is short for 'hot raisin sauce'
New x box games just came out https://t.co/OAm1HQ8ubR
thank you evan and cj
The reason dogs eat their own turds is because dog turds can only be destroyed in the fires in which they were forged
Donuts https://t.co/0pINIHJvKo
dont let the door hit you into something more comfortable on the way out
https://t.co/rKlcbeuukt
First of all a train wouldn't even fit here, second of all good luck towing me there's no tracks https://t.co/wcbvXEbEz4
Sculpture of a dragon where it totally looks like the dragon is jerking off - $1000 https://t.co/DHkDysn4lv
This is my girlfriend Amhanda. She's named that because of her big floppy hands https://t.co/tOPr2sUtiX
(to the tune of 'wipeout')(mickey mouse voice) hahahahaha..... wipeout
whats the hardest waterfall to get to? viagra falls! haha
Fruit as paint swatches, a thread: https://t.co/7yARtEVPkC
Fetishising (?) old European stuff is definitely paen (??) to vicissitudes. I'd hate to do that to vicissitudes https://t.co/tMXUOVjVIM
float like a butter substitute, sink like a bean
fuckin solid excuse right here. "oh yeah i'd love to build the notre dame cathedral. one problem though" https://t.co/7FPnW08j60
These are also my catchphrases https://t.co/rbtW8Ge69a
I made a snake https://t.co/HPpmjyXbY2
every game has its thornes... https://t.co/ahQAVzcgyF
T.S. Eliot is short for Theodore Seuss Eliot
Indiana Jones and Temple Grandin
The Wallflowers starring Jenkem Dylan
Buh
Teddy bear in a drill press, slow motion https://t.co/RbnHB3fOM6
I'm so tired that this is really funny to me https://t.co/URf1RIH4fH
Holding my head underwater in the bath for as long as I can cause I think it will make my brain more wrinkly turning me into a genius
friend: hey mike its pretty cold out there, you sure you don't want a jacket?<br />me: no thank you i jacked it before i left the house
keep pushing me pal and im gonna wish you hadnt fucked with me
they should sell cheerios that have a scoop of walnuts in each box, and call it 'twenty nut cheerios'
pee the bed at night, sailor's delight<br />sheets get pee under em, sailor's conundrum
Sound off gang https://t.co/SiC2tNzIHs
its always so cute when people give their baby a bath in the sink. its just genuinely precious that you cant afford a dishwasher
Seagull Quest 2: Yelling At the Mall
Ted Turner Overdrive
bachman's pretzels overdrive
"I terra cotta go to the bathroom" https://t.co/DsBRaeOhJF
Ferrari Beano
If you can read this, thank a BITCH
Painted this stick gold a couple weeks ago and it kept growing. Little leafs https://t.co/m0ldE7MRSA
Rodeo Daydreams / Cowboy Fever https://t.co/9lb1kEK7nO
https://t.co/Ub3HvYvgwE
shit that rules is fine. but shit thats sick fuckin rocks
a couple of paper cranes im working on https://t.co/3WsEPXISlX
https://t.co/TfyOYDvC1X
https://t.co/m1lemgZdDV
Oily bird special
thinking about that classic prank of supergluing a quarter to the inside of your pocket so you embarrass yourself trying to get it out
i dont know man, this movie's alright but so far it's really short
Pouring a shot of liquor in my belly button and duct taping over it to bring it to a party
Unfortunately I lost my foot last year due to type 2 adult onset getting my shoe caught in an escalator syndrome
how old is the actor who plays The Rock
irrevocably egg salad
Painting we did at work. It's finally cool to make fun of freaks again https://t.co/GKvqDGKExR
This motherfucker is about to screw his wall paneling to the floor https://t.co/9Y8QcOvKNW
Mega Milloons Fuckpot is up to 530 mil, get your tickets https://t.co/4F1E29O6SD
https://t.co/SqnLR89mXU
Thinking about getting one of those meal services where you still have to cook every night but you don't get to choose whats for dinner
Grinch Hills https://t.co/973WPmZrLo
lol https://t.co/pA8nLV6xmU
cool your runnings, top gun
Friend: wow man it really smells bad in here<br />Me: yeah you're probably smelling my mirror bitch!
Old people love to brag about remembering different types of phones
Oooo this water is too wet
Taste the explosion https://t.co/VlxCjVfyIq
the tennessee table saw massacre
the ohio coping saw massacre
the Alabama battery operated trim saw massacre
areola is italian for "area"
im a big stupid idiot... i eat dirt
you want a fight tough guy? the floor is looking pretty dirty in here, and i make a hell of a mop
i feel like $40
We all have that one friend who we would turn over to the authorities for one dollar 😂. That friend who is a worm to us🤣
visualizing myself inventing a new driving technique to "ollie" my car over speedbumps
i'll give you a hundred bucks if you dont know my name is rumplestiltskin
saving money by making hard candies last longer by not unwrapping them
20 hawks pro skater
man long day today. my feet are barking
i love proving my opponent's point using my own logic, but i HATE when my silence speaks volumes
?
incubus? more like suck-ubus
lets get this choad on the road
Air Bud (2019) - the story of a fast athletic golden retriever who is the only one in the world who remembers the music of Air Supply
sometimes the darkest thoughts... come from the brightest minds... https://t.co/rCmJSjn20Q
I gotta get this sign https://t.co/6GtNFpDUR9
https://t.co/zXJDjR72S9
aaaaaaasaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuggggghhhhhh
Shotgunning a can of coffee and just instantly shitting my pants https://t.co/1lRsuix3bs
The peas, the carrots, the animals too
just remembered how stupid i am. shit man. like, cmon. ah shit
your ass is writing checks my mouth can't read
guess who? chicken coup
Guess what? Chicken Coop https://t.co/y33OKCToHZ
came up with a very unpleasant paint color that no one likes. its called Off Pudding
Puce Springsteen Darkness on the edge of brown
its fucked up that you can drive at 16 but you're not allowed to drive a mercury until you're 55
Truth coming out of her well https://t.co/PxUWzYlSRa
Book Club 7
https://t.co/6vimqYiQb2
Made some faux distressed concrete walls https://t.co/RQqYv8pLZ9
I've posted this board before but not this photo. I love this board https://t.co/7VqXWkokiC
https://t.co/MyWHvO5v57
hoo boy im so thirsty i could suck the trailer off a trailer hitch
italian style pizza is so good, especially if you get the slice that has the piece of cheese on it
The May Queen https://t.co/GryYKqnBcO
My favorite looney tunes character is the Irish cop from the mafia ones
https://t.co/qsXKQbMx6U
Cannelini Beans is spanish for "Can of Little Beans"
i think all the money in the world is worth more than 18, or even 27 dollars https://t.co/IqMCTJyhud
got a pretty good scab ive been picking at and making it worse. great weekend activity
Just baked some bread https://t.co/r6OLdztSO1
I'm surprised by how much I forget Walton Goggins' name, considering his name is fuckin Walton Goggins
im not sure if the new aladdin has come out in theaters yet, i cant check because im waiting til i turn 10 to watch it
You got yourself into this mess man. You made your bed, now you got a lion in it
You don't have to wake up very early to fool me, but just think like if you fool me before 10 am you have the rest of the day to just relax
saw a crate that said YBS on it and now i keep thinking about Yrritable Bowel Syndrome
https://t.co/tpX0r7wFUH
Cows: moo<br />Horses: neigh<br />Pigs: oink<br />Sheep: baaa<br />giraffes: ohh let me get some of these leaves
Vestworld https://t.co/Px1kzH8c0o
Im like the cake boss https://t.co/14A3q7WdAT
Just found this classic guy in a stack of old boards https://t.co/l9PEED3GJw
https://t.co/k26zxXwXmB
sorry i cant come into work monday. i accidentally was allowed to kill myself during the night. i'll see you tuesday
ghoul ranch boo-ritos
honey bbq chicken tender hood ornament... now thats funny lmao https://t.co/F9xYv65wyz
this car is now mine. theres a spot on the hood where the paint peeled off from the chicken ornament. i pranked myself
Twitter is great if you can't afford therapy but you also don't want to get any better.
listen up men: hating super hero movies isn't a personality. hating oatmeal raisin cookies is
i will always remember peter fonda for his fine work being detective colombo, and for all the great yogurt he made in his twilight years
shit man im sorry to hear that. thats a real load on my mind. you fuckin just greased my mind up with a sloppy wad
trying to haha https://t.co/2WUJzDF9SJ
https://t.co/bvg6xCVAdn
https://t.co/9wjJGNRlp3
Oh yeah I loved that guy in toy story https://t.co/33NTWd3IVv
Singing quietly Song, song of my mouth, sweet potato pie and it's in my mouth
https://t.co/59Jll3bb3R
https://t.co/xwxIqquO0U
Riding a nice light rail style train in beautiful seattle washington going to get some dinner later
https://t.co/67PwcLyvHE
Total recall https://t.co/ilMhLnRmsx
https://t.co/HIvLVFYA41
https://t.co/KwIymZFZLb
four nice pictures from my Seattle vacation https://t.co/9MOxjIig4l
Very well proportioned painting of 9 foot tall jesus https://t.co/EHQR5N66Aj
Thinking I'm ready to poop the question https://t.co/l4jdWC5yqA
https://t.co/4C16ekkc0L
richard linklater bravely decides to do one month of work over the span of 20 years
Having a nice sandwich https://t.co/d0YbG8MEEz
Due to circumstances outside of my control I saw a concert last night https://t.co/MwfpWcviOJ
https://t.co/Uh7c1LrTg5
https://t.co/cSgVlqxjBM
Just witnessed a horrible car accident https://t.co/oYVk8DlbuI
having a great day being a financier, i hope no one disgraces me
all the shrewdest financiers are out right now adding "non-disgraced" to their business cards
Joker voice Some men just want to watch the world series
Man there's a fine line between writing hand soap in fancy handrwiting and writing Fband Loap https://t.co/IGNcwD410B
jon jon jovi
Shop cat in repose https://t.co/hAiVfsiplT
just sitting here minding my own business wax
this is Guen, she's about 15, I met her 15 years ago and she's a treasure https://t.co/kvuL4NXGfv
i'll be right back, i gotta go pull one out
work in progress https://t.co/llgwgxrtv9
thinking about getting one of those beer can hats and putting two different $400 bottles of wine in there and drinking them at the same time
just got an email saying i have a new memory... gonna use it as soon as i get home
hands off my new memory... get your own
dude you should come hang out at my place later. and bring some of those new memories you got
Rules for dating my daughter in law:<br />- Be respectful at all times<br />- have her home by 9<br />- you have to come out of my wife
I painted this little platypus guy today. he's maybe the size of a nickel, hard to get a good picture https://t.co/6CuesSFtCI
busting up a juul pod with a pair of pliers and drizzling the liquid on my weed to make an 8th of pure spliff
If I saw a snake eating its own tail, I'd go over and pull its tail out of its mouth and say Hey cut that shit out. dumbass
We all have that one friend who every time you hang out he tries to poison you as part of a foul plot. tag a friend
check it out @BALENCIAGA @USequestrian https://t.co/2az6kLxeYq
man calm down. its horseshoes but made of sneakers. im not trying to be smart right now. i have to block you off https://t.co/wBRL81WQGf
Hey man you know anywhere around here I can get some good onions?
describing dystopian societies as "Orvillian" because I think Orville Redenbacher wrote 1984
twenty hawks pro nester
This tree started off super wrong but he's doing ok now https://t.co/JAwCTgt7pS
The name of this piece is Daschund Rising. Do not correct spelling https://t.co/kNXX5A50vk
Leaving to go to the movies now. If my calculations are right I will sit down just in time to miss 0% of the movie and 100% of the trailers
Man I totally whiffed it. Showed up like 20 minutes late and theres been like 3 trailers
Gonna watch Lion King for a couple minutes while I wait I guess
Just thought of a joke everyone's going to hate. Gonna post it later to punish myself and others
lol https://t.co/i0kf2jg8US
damn man this crap smells worse than shit.
fuck yes its my friday. going to treat myself to one new memory
great. i left my new memory on the bus, some fucking punk kid is probably having it now
dont do the dishes <br />and get some sandwiches<br />and eat in the back of my dragula
Thought of a cool name for a cyber punk type guy... Chuck EngineLight
Its finally time for me to Lock it Down. Its over. locked up!
If you say so man https://t.co/5jmKQVi5UI
so sick... the chinese military are training to become transformers https://t.co/DMhfWn2tnT
it would be funny if britain missed their brexit and they had to get off at the next brexit and turn around
million dime billionaire
wow this is really blowing up. follow me on twitter
https://t.co/S4SyCz5wwi
https://t.co/wR4EBx2pdH
is batman in the movie? kinda didnt think about that til now. who plays batman in the new batman movie
i guess batmans the bad guy in this one
This kidney beam is too powerful to excape
CIA black sites have been illegally boogie-boarding terrorist suspects
social cicada number
i think its fine if george bush wants to hang out with ellen. i dont watch her show but come on it cant be that bad
went to the post office having a ham sandwich for lunch going to do a small amount of art after the sandwich is over
was just thinking about how 'family' is the only genre of film thats also a genre of dentistry
going to make a playlist of sublime and abba not as a joke
i cant hang out right now im watching a movie. its called (mousing over netflix to check the title) its called 'I dont mess with the zohan'
https://t.co/Ux6rtTTLBW
I am having one small sandwich. The dimensions of the sandwich are 3.875 x 2.25 x 1.25 inches https://t.co/IUmhEeZMFM
straight outta vagina, a baby motherfucker named ice cube, from the crew with diapers with pee and poo
(picking up my cat by the neck to get a good pic) my cat looks like such a dumbass when you try to take a picture of it lmao
just another day in the life... https://t.co/VD9K8E0c9M
Picture I took https://t.co/OEtxdW8HMt
https://t.co/5N4bnWkhz4
(looking exactly like the guy who makes face recognition software) stop trying to recognize me motherfucker you'll never do it.
eating bugs as a joke is. still. eating. bugs.
beano noir
i predict that the entire leftist movement will abandon the idea of medicare for all once they find out im gonna get it too
how come none of the marvel movie directors are saying that the godfather isnt good either. thats what id do if i was them
Halloween IV: Weenie Hut Jr.
i feel bad making my guy in GTA do all this bad stuff, but at the end of the day, when im done, hes gonna be able to afford any car he wants
packing for my trip to vegas and throwing a bunch of playing cards and dice in my suitcase
millennials ruined one of my favorite songs "turkey in the straw", now its "turkey right out of the glass!"
Blood Diner (1987) https://t.co/F46ac9Zovg
just realized i made a big art mistake. never going to admit it or say what it is though
(listening to Logic rhyme "nevada" with "banana") holy fucking shit
gorgeous women of GLOW
Cool targeted ad. I've never owned a honda https://t.co/sXmHh2aCIx
7 pronounced dead at the scene of a gangland style gender reveal
opinions are like assholes... everyone will learn the meaning of respect when i invent a machine to make mine louder
texting a friend who recommended me a game 4 years ago "dude this shit is sick thanks for the heads up"
putting on my suicide vest which is an LL bean fleece that i wear while im eating a can of botulism peaches
just thought of a joke thats really funny... too funny to put online for free. just going to laugh privately about it.
(thinking of the joke i just thought of) hahahaha : )
fuck! i forgot the joke. shit! no!
i bet i could eat a cigarette without chewing and i could definitely smoke one without chewing
The Legend of Dragon https://t.co/VJIrcw8rQQ
watching Willow, fucked up warwick davis doesnt get top billing. Willow is cancelled
its All Saints Day and you know what that means. pigging out on communion wafers and listening to "when the saints go marching in" on a loop
feeling ambivalent. might start an argument about something i dont give a shit about and make someone i like mad at me
a more shocking headline would be "rap band crazy town still exists" https://t.co/9yhAR1yZ4k
? https://t.co/rP4sxtSzdH
“He knew the risks. He didn’t have to be there. Its hot outside, you get Heat.” - Robert De Niro, Heat (1995)
i expected zero results but i got 3 https://t.co/4DLt3uEVFr
Disney announces that having a Disney+ subscription is now legally the only way to prove youre not a gay baby
as soon as you get a fireplace its just neighbors coming around all hours of the day trying to borrow a cup of fire
https://t.co/hB1Y715R29
cant wait for the sonic the hedgehog movie to come out, its gonna be probably the third or fourth best film about a fast rodent
lol 4 years later https://t.co/86wtmzmCOT
ford Diablo F-151
Me when I'm having some sweet juice: ooh this juice is too sweet
stupid guys wash their hair with 2 in 1 shampoo and conditioner. smart guys just get it when theyre doing the dishes
The Apple Dumpling Gang: The Four Realms
laughing about the extremely gross brand name of my power strip https://t.co/xtwJiGJHGm
what one shouldi watch I already watched the best one repo man https://t.co/6IMxqcMnwF
most of the suggestions have been tremors so i will never watch tremors again. thanks
Watching this video Animal Bloopers and it's just a guy talking shit about animals going about their day it rules https://t.co/iZ5HWP3SVJ
going up to the urinal in breakaway pants, ripping the front off up to the waist and slinging the legs over my shoulders
im pretending they unbutton on the inseam too for this joke
daydreaming once again about a full suite of john deere kitchen appliances with cabinets and drawers painted yellow and green to match
crazy that just ten movies later these guys are all on dry land and robbing casinos https://t.co/EmrTSX0NiO
went to bed very late but then the cat shit into my bed pretty quickly after that so i'm just up again i guess
Apollo 13 is spanish for 'an unlucky chicken'
video game dudes love to play a game based on brave new world and pretend the writing is good
Translation: one cigarette couldn't hurt. It's just one it's no big deal https://t.co/Ga99eczokl
i think if you beat a video game you should get the next one for free
Listening to some country music and painting having a nice afternoon
https://t.co/XAbAuyFavG
stray cats dont exist you stole someones cat
one dollar isnt funny. five dollars is the opposite of funny. but $1.50 is pretty funny
friendsgiving is an event where you all sit around the table and take turns saying what you're friendly for
got enough names there? fuckin settle down lady https://t.co/rLHcbCZeRs
thinking about a TV show about a group of pterodactyls who are always flying into buildings and its called "The Pterrorists"
easy as said then done
onwy a silvo buwwet could kill a wheelwolf
Thinking of a recipe where you take a hard-boiled egg and stuff it with a mashed up hard-boiled egg. It's called doubled eggs
i'll show you how to have a lesson
laughing quietly to myself thinking about "scoobey doo"